My wife and I participated in the MS Walk and decided it was the perfect opportunity to give the famous River Cafe a try.  What a beautiful spot and a great ambience.  We were greeted by a couple friendly hostesses and shown to an indoor table as the patio was full.  We got a great spot by the window that opened, so a great compromise.
The experience.  The menu did not have a lot of lunch options (brunch was the focus of the day) and the ones that were offered were somewhat difficult to figure out.  Frustrated I ordered the bison burger and my wife had the flatbread.  The food came quickly enough (wasn't busy) but that is where it all went awry.  The bison burger was small yet I could not finish it as there was a strange flavour to it that made it sickening after a while.  The potato salad that accompanied it was good.
The flat bread was not good.  There must have been something wrong with it as it had a sweet but pungent smell (and taste) to it.  We are not ones to complain but when the server finally returned (no quality check, and did not see her until we were done with the place) my wife mentioned it was a little weird. The server did concur that something seemed off and promptly took the item off the bill which was appreciated, but also expected as it was not edible.
Overall I am glad we went because we had been wondering about this place but I would be very hesitant to go back.Absolutely FANTASTIC experience here!

After wanting to try River Cafe for ages, I finally had the opportunity last weekend to celebrate my sister in law's birthday. Little did I know, it was actually a food & wine pairing, which I had never done before. Needless to say I was excited, considering how much I love both of those things!

The restaurant itself is gorgeous, but that goes without saying. Situated in the middle of Prince's Island Park, you can either park near the Eau Claire shopping centre, or across Memorial in the lot. Our reservation was for 5pm, so the sun was still shining through the big, open windows and the breeze flowed through beautifully. The decor is simple, yet classy and feels upscale but not pretentious. The overall feeling is warm & cozy, as evidenced by the beautiful throw blankets set aside for guests who get chilly. Love it already!

Once we arrived we were tended to by a wonderful server. I missed his name but he was fabulous - and 10 steps ahead of all of us. When someone dropped a napkin, he was there to pick it up before you even realized it fell. When you ran out of water, he was topping it up before you had the chance to ask. He was extremely polite, friendly, and knowledgeable about everything we were being served. He informed us that we would be going through 9 courses, so thank goodness I was starving! We ordered cocktails to start, I had the River Ice and it was fabulous! Light & refreshing and exactly what I was looking for.

I know I won't remember any of the wines we were paired, all I know is that I had never given it much thought until this meal. The way the wine complimented every flavor in each dish was exquisite! We started with a soup - pureed vegetables with fresh cream and a piece of prosciutto on top. It was very tasty, albeit not as hot as I would prefer. Our next course was a lovely crab salad with asparagus & yellow and red tomatoes.  Ahhh perfection. Next we had eggplant with vine ripened tomatoes and cheese (the kind escapes me, it WAS a wine pairing after all). Once that was finished we had squid with a side of greens & toasted chickpeas. It was so delicious! When the lamb came out I was thrilled (ohgodsodamngood) it was paired with a small onion, asparagus, and crusted pork belly - mmmmm. Next was a bison tenderloin which was easily my favourite. At this point I was getting full and drunk! The desserts started coming, the first of which was a delicious ice cream sandwich with cookies, vanilla ice cream, and a delicious raspberry jam/drizzle! We finished that off with a small cheese board and finally, chocolate truffles. The presentation of each dish was well thought out and beautiful, and the wine pairings were truly beautiful and complimentary.

I won't lie I loved every single thing we had and I ate everything off each plate. It was decadent and everyone in the group really loved it - not just the food, but the entire experience. It was such a special evening and one I wont soon forget. The food along with the amazing service ensured I will DEFINITELY be back, and I can't wait - that beautiful patio is a must!Went for an anniversary dinner and it was perfect. We got the chef's tasting which was 6 courses of local and fresh ingredients. While some would consider it costly it is a great experience and by the end of the meal the portion sizes proved to be perfect if not slightly too much. 

The service was good, knowledgeable, and helpful. I would highly recommend this for couples or groups looking for a great food experience without being overly hipster.I'm a total foodie and love to indulge in a nice fine dining experience here and there. 

I was pretty disappointed with my brunch experience at River Cafe.

I ordered the yogurt and granola and also the bison bacon Benedict. 

The yogurt and granola was ok. I prefer greek yogurt to the soupy yogurt they served. The portion was tiny and the granola lacked the "crunch" I prefer. They served it with thinly sliced plum or nectarine wedges. It was hard to tell which because they were clearly under-ripe and very tart. Not adding a lot of sweetness to the plain yogurt. I prefer plain, unsweetened yogurt because I try to avoid sugar. However, I like to add fresh fruit...their underripe selections did little to offset the tartness. 

The Benedict was interesting. It was served on a biscuit which I thought lacked tender, buttery flakiness that I look for. I can bake a better biscuit than I had here. The bacon was delicious. The hollandaise was delicious and tart from the lemon. The side of potatoes were un-browed and undercooked. They weren't hard...just lacking and crust and flavor punch. I asked to have them re-served and she got me a fresh plate of browned potato hash that WAS delicious....I just don't feel like I should have to ask. The eggs were poached and cooked medium. I wonder if they actually poach their eggs in boiling water or if they use some other device....not sure on that one. But I've had better poached eggs than that.


The coffee was TERRIBLE.....I could barely drink it. 

Overall, overpriced, meh experience. Fine dining is expensive and I'm ok with that, but only if I eat food of unsurpassed quality. I felt the value, quality and attention to detail here was lacking. I won't be back. 

Service was ok. Ambiance in the park is beautiful....but the interior chairs and tables leave a lot to be desired.I like the atmosphere here. Its as if you are on a small island/ town and you are dining at a very warm Canadian restaurant. Kind of give you that family style feeling. Its nice and bright inside. So when you look out, you have a nice view of lots of green and you might even see the Bow river. You must make a reservation to dine here. They do get quite busy. 

So came and ordered the smoked halibut eggs benedict for $19. My sister ordered the same thing. She loved it. For me, I loved it too. But I did find the halibut a bit too salty. The potatoes were really good. Best part was their in house ketchup which looked like tomatoe paste. Their ketchup was really good. 

One thing here is that they charge for water. $1 per person for water and its really just normal water (nothing special).

Food is definitely on the pricier side. Overall, it was good. The poached egg was cooked perfectly (which is the hardest part). 

Overall, I did like the food. If the halibut wasn't that salty it would be perfect for me. 
Definitely a place that tourist should visit.I've had dinner at the River Cafe twice.  Both times I've left thinking the place was just ok, but at the same time I'd recommend the place, mainly because of its setting.

The atmosphere is excellent.  The restaurant is set in Prince's Island Park, a picturesque park right off the downtown core.  We parked our vehicle in Kensington, a small community on the other side of the river and had a great walk along the river on our way to dinner.  The decor is rustic and hip, with shelves made out of canoes, snowshoes on the wall (I think), and tall ceilings with big wooden beams all through the restaurant.  It's very "Canadian-chic," if that's even a term.

The menu - I'm not a big wine person, but from what I could tell the wine list was quite long.  Lots to choose from.  The food menu was a bit limited for me because I'm not a big seafood eater, but what we ordered was delicious (yummy steaks).

The service is where I found a couple of flaws.  My husband and I were celebrating our wedding anniversary and had made a reservation for the patio.  We had to wait about twenty minutes, which wasn't a huge deal, but it did make an impression on me.  As well, at the end of our meal we felt like the server forgot we were there.  Our plates sat in front of us for over a half an hour.  We decided to skip dessert because of the bad service and ended up going to another restaurant to finish celebrating.  

I feel like they have some great servers on their staff, but they've also got some amateurs who, while they look the part, seem to have forgotten or never learned how to provide excellent service.

Just my two cents.I've tried this place 3 times and every time I hope that it would blow me away,  but alas, not the case.  I went there for dinner the day before Valentine's Day. 

We were seated by the window, which was kind of cold so I kept my jacket with me.  It took us a solid 5 mins to go through the wine binder and consult with the waiter before deciding on a gamay.  When it showed up, we were told the wine is a bit cold.  I had to warm it up in my hands.

Ordered the food, appetizers were promising, carrot soup and mussels, good stuff.

But sometimes its the little things that add up, like cold hard butter with bread.  They brought around candles for all the tables, so we warmed up the butter on a knife over the the open flame.

Main course, I ordered the roasted lamb medium, the meat was lukewarm, it had that dry look on top, like it had sat for some time and it was chewy.  Normally I would send it back, but I guess this being the 3rd time there, it just wasn't worth the hassle.  Ditto on the temperature for the beef striploin.

Dessert was ok, maple creme brule and apple pie with vanilla yogurt, cappucino and tea, nothing really crazy here, ok.

The thing that did it was overhearing a waiter tell another table that the special was shortribs at the end of our meal, I love short ribs and would have ordered it, if I had known there was a special.

I really have tried to like this place,  but there are just so many other restaurants I'd rather eat at, especially at this price.I go to this restaurant not really for the food but for the ambience.  It's always worth a try if you're into a good space to be in.  Gorgeous place for a special supper.Great setting, in the park.  Although we sat inside (at the extreme urging of the hostess) it is so open air that you get breezes if fresh air. 
Food is good but not spectacular.  I had trout and loved it.  Other dishes in our party were sablefish, steak, pork... All 'ok'.  
The panna cotta was excellent.   Rice pudding too rustic.  

The location is a detriment if you're slow, my dad has a cane.  But I called and the allowed me to drive up for drop off.  This location is a real plus otherwise send we enjoyed strolling after.The River Cafe was recommended to us by a friend who used to live in Calgary, and we're thrilled we took the opportunity to check this place out. 

The location itself is wonderful; being on the island in nice weather in early fall allowed us to sit on the patio for the evening, and take in the view as the sun began to set. 

The River Cafe has just changed over the menu for fall, so things were new to both the servers and the customers, but what showed up on the plate was fantastic. I had the Pacific Cod with butternut gnocchi, and my BF had the wild boar chop with walnuts and blueberry. Both were amazing, and very satisfying. 

The dessert menu has a number of tempting options, so I'd suggest you indulge. Don't miss the opportunity!I had high expectations for a lovely breakfast at the River Cafe. A rustic setting and the aroma of homemade bread toasting welcome me. A pizza oven blazed behind immaculately dressed chefs and sous chefs. Breakfast was going to be great, my watering mouth assured me.
Our party had six adults and two toddlers. We order drinks and meals for the children. Some ordered oysters. That round came quickly and all were happy and said the oysters were top shelf. The server came to take our breakfast order and then the wait began. My coffee refilled three times. We arrived at 10am, and when we ordered no more than 4 other tables were seated. 45 mins later our plates were served. 4 of us had ordered eggs Benedict. Three arrived with full size poached eggs and mine looked like sad quail eggs, poorly poached with little to no hollandaise sauce. Now if this was a $10 plate I would have just eaten and let it be, however the eggs Benedict with brown butter hollandaise is $21! So I ask the server to look at my plate as it was very sad. She took it away immediately (thank you) my friend had ordered the same dish, which looked lovely and he had taken his daughter outside to regroup so I ate his. It was disappointing. Not bad, but for $21 can it be at least very warm... it was at best, lukewarm and downright cold at the outside. When my plate came back from the kitchen I noticed it was on a hot plate and my friend enjoyed it. I guess I should have waited :)... I did notice a lack of sauce on it though. I could not tell you if the sauce was good or not as there truly was not enough to taste. Shouldn't there be at least as much sauce as egg yolk? The potato was cooked well but temp wise, was only not cold. The server was attentive and definitely experienced. I was really hoping for a good meal. I only got good atmosphere.You take one of the most gorgeous pieces of land in Calgary and then pair it with top notch local food, fine service, a lush patio and a strong dash of that classic Canadian cottage look and then you somehow can the kitsch and keep it tasteful,  - You've got yourself the River Café.

While the interior is really quite comfortable, warm with plenty of wood, log framed chairs and half-canoe shelves giving it and unmistakably Canadian feel, what really shines at the River Café is the patio. If you catch Calgary on that rare occasion where the ground isn't frozen, the wind isn't blowing, or the whole island isn't underwater (not to make light, I'm beyond impressed at your resilience, River Café, and I'm beyond happy to have you a part of Calgary again.) make sure you get a spot out side. Look around you! You're on an incredible island park in the middle of a skyscraper clad city and then you get to immerse yourself in the wild garden feel of a stone patio with log railings, plenty of plants and blankets ready for you if you get a chill.  Enjoy this inner-city wilderness retreat. Breathe. Sip some wine and savour the really top notch food.

I find the prices fair and the food worthy of any restaurant. While yes, the scenery is gorgeous, I believe River Café stands on its own. While yes, she's gorgeous, she's got the smarts and the personality to back it all up. River Café is one fine patio pick for corporate lunches, tourist expeditions and also for locals to meet up with good friends over a tasty meal. 

I can't wait to show another person what they've got to offer. Check them out.For those of you who have never been to Calgary, it is a city of about 1 million people. It is a very clean and modern city of technology and oil, it is within Alberta in Canada. The wonderful thing about Canada, is it's clean untouched beauty and if you're coming from California you'll notice the water. 

Calgary doesn't EVEN have places with only beer and wine (this annoys me to no end here), if they have a liqor license, that means they serve it all, no restrictions. 

In Calgary you can find The Bow River heading through the city. The Bow has an island and it's called Prince's Island not to be confused with Princess (which many locals erroneously say). 

On that island are cultural or even things like lilac festivals or music concerts and all kinds of amazing things. You can roller blade or bike ride along the path and you'll no doubt share them with some Canada geese (Not Canadian Geese that would be technically wrong) and ducks, but in your exploring you also may find the River Cafe.

The River Cafe is a beautiful spot to stop, it could be while you're bike riding just for a tea, or it could be dinner or lunch. The style is rustic and not fast food, but I should mention you're welcome there no matter what your attire is.       

Once upon a time my attire was a bridal gown, and I got married there. It was a very special day, and it's a very special place. If you ever have the chance to dine or just sit and listen to Ella Fitzgerald on the patio there, do take it in, it's absolutely lovely.

If you ever are in for a treat, stop on by, it will be worth your time. When in Canada if you are visiting you should know one thing, we don't take life very seriously, so please just laugh with us.Regional cuisine in a lovely spot on Prince's Island. Sunday brunch delight: Fish & Game Board, including Duck Prosciutto, Candied Trout, Salt Cured Bison, Sylvan Star Gouda, Duck Paté, Ling Cod Lox, House Pickles, Brassica Mustard, House Made Crackers (serves 2) 

Or, if you're having a miserable day, and the weather's a disappointment, sit inside looking out at the park, enjoying a glass of port or something new from their extensive wine list.I shouldn't leave dinner still hungry but that's the feeling I walked out with. The food quality is high but don't expect large portions. My carrot "3 ways" appeared to be on a diet.Excellent location, delicious food, and good service... What else would you like?... We had the risotto as an appetizer and the duck and pork chops as main dish... I still don't know which one was better!!.. The dessert was really good as well and the wine was great!... There was not one thing that do not deserve the 5 stars. I think this should be one of the top 5 restaurants in Calgary!Booked a reservation at the River Cafe for Valentine's Day with the wife due to a recommendation from a friend. As we drove towards the restaurant I soon realized by looking on my maps that we would have to walk the last stretch of the trip to get to the restaurant. The walk turned out to be a pleasant surprise (Princess Island Park was all lit up and romantic-like). We showed up 30 minutes early for our reservation, the hostess assured us it wouldn't be a problem and quickly seated us by the window next to the fireplace (yet another pleasant surprise!). We ordered the fish and game plate to start off the meal which was very interesting. I quite like the variety of not so common meats, my wife was not as big of a fan however. My wife ordered the cut of naturally raised beef which she absolutely loved and I tried the lamb dish I forget the exact name but it also was delicious. After dinner we then ordered desert (espresso creme brûlée withe almond biscotti and some sort of chocolate tart with ice cream,topping the meal off perfectly) and shared a bench style seat right in front of the fireplace. 
Overall a wonderful date night experience if you're willing to spend a few dollars (our meals with a bottle of wine and tip was 260 but could be done for 150). Will be returning and recommending to friends for sureBeautiful setting on an island in the Bow River. Go early and walk around the island park. Dinner was great. Wife and I sat outside on the patio overlooking the Bow River. Good service and very good food. They try to use locally source food items whenever possible. Also try their other restaurant, Deane House.It's beautiful, inner decoration and also the snow view outside in the park. Food was gorgeous. Service perfect.This is such a beautiful, quaint little restaurant is such a picturesque location. We found this place whilst staying at the Sheraton and I'm so glad we did. We decided to go for the weekend brunch as the menu sounded good. It was really busy on a Saturday late morning, we were lucky to get a table. They had an open fire which made it feel really cosy, it's very open so you can sit back and look out at the park. The food was delicious, slightly fine dining but the portions were a good size. Service was good, they offer you the choice of still or sparkling water which I thought was a nice touch. Overall it was a great experience and would definitely return if I was staying in the area.We go back every year for our Anniversary.  This year we got a better seat (by the window near the fireplace) and it was really nice.  A lot less waiter/ess traffic.  The meal was good and the atmosphere / views are wonderful.  We will be back in 2016.Great environment for a tasty meal.

We arrived for a lunch on a Monday and was seated outside with a nice view of the river. We split the guanciale and English pea flatbread, along with the beef tartare, as starters, both of which were well prepared and had good flavor. We had the rainbow trout and the burger as entrees, the latter of which was a touch overcooked but seasoned well, while the trout was fresh and tasty. The service was fairly attentive and the outdoor seating pleasant--it's a nice place to enjoy a tasty meal when the weather is nice.The River Cafe is an attractive restaurant among a pretty Prince's Island. Walking here within Downtown Calgary is almost half the fun. 

I dined here recently as part of a Business trip. This is a "Local and Sustainable" food place and it executes this well with very good food attractively presented. The wine list was interesting (albeit with a relatively limited selection of Canadian choices) and the service was friendly and attentive. 

The River Cafe is not cheap, although it's sometimes hard to separate the factors of overall Calgary prices, the trendy factor, and a Loonie that is now worth more than the US Dollar. I would gladly come back as this is place I'd love to take Gayle and spend some quality date night time.Our hotel recommended this place. We wanted somewhere nice with atmosphere to celebrate my birthday.  We made reservations.  This restaraunt has great open windows and an outdoor seating area overlooking the river. However, reservations are worthless and they will seat you in the worst seats of the place. Making reservations is pointless and so Im giving 2 stars since it was a main reason I chose this place. I had no intention of sitting and making my child wait at a restaraunt, so we made reservations. Waits are one thing. Waits with reservations shouldn't be more then 10 minutes in my world. We haven't tried the food yet, but may have to give up sooner than later on the restaraunt. I'll update to a 3 star if the food makes up for the 2 stars.

When we finally sat down they are out of items on the menu. They don't have small child size options except cheese pizza.  Why would I go to a nice restaurant for pizza? Let me add that this isn't a pizza restaraunt. They have a shrimp appetizer but it's served only partially cooked. And I waitress was rude, unaccomadating with bad attidue. A restarauny of this scale should be able to provide a dish where they cook the shrimp done by request. And an attitude at any price is never necessary .We love this place so much. Its the most amazing place in the summer for date night. Super romantic!Beautiful location, nice decor and very cozy. The only thing is I didn't find my meal worth the price, Ill pay a pretty penny for delicious food but my flatbread was just ok, I wasn't blown away by the wild game platter either.

For dessert I did try one of their in house made truffles which were rich and wonderful paired with a nice cappuccino.

Service was great but the menu never seems to change so it starts to get boring after a few visits.My first time ever trying The River Cafe and I must say I was not happy. I wasn't displeased, I just wasn't completely satisfied. The restaurant itself is beautiful, love the setting a definite 5 stars. The service started off so great, our server was helpful and informational but then he sort of stop coming by and I hate having to flag down servers when you need them. So for service I would say 3, I couldn't help but feel like the people that work there are too good to serve you. And for the food I would have to give them 2.5 stars. The main reasons are the food is way overpriced, just way way overpriced. I waited an hour for my entree dish and then when you get it your just expecting something spectacular, a burst of flavour and awesomeness in your mouth. And I did not get that at all. I've have better at cheaper prices. The River Cafe, a good place to try at least once, definitely. But once is good enough.Nice outdoor patio and service was nice, so those earn stars. Now for the unfortunate food: the bison burger was a bust ... lots of awkward ingredients meshed together with the stinkiest cheese you'll ever smell (and I mean stop the conversation level stink). Just disappointing and overpriced for lunch. The fish was descent but served at room temp. Why can't I find hot food in this city? Anyway, that's a different story. Also wish they served warm (instead of cold) bread. All in all, not worth the hype that precedes this Calgary 'institution'.Definitely a unique spot. I love how the restaurant is right in the middle of the park. So after you are finished enjoying the views you can literally have a picnic in the park. Such a smart idea.

It's interesting because I made a reservation on open table for Saturday brunch thinking it would be more busy. However, I was surprised to find that they had quite a few open tables.

Nonetheless, it was a great experience. They use all local products so you won't find anything not found in Canada on the menu.

Overall I enjoyed my food.
I ordered the Pacific Ling Cod off of the weekend brunch menu. It was well seasoned and filling.

I also tried a bit of the bison burger. It was really savory and satisfying! The meat was soft and the bread was nice and flaky. If I ever go back I will get the bison burger instead.This restaurant is situated in a really nice area overlooking the river in Calgary. The scenery is natural with trees and grass and has a quiet calm. 
The restaurant has a rustic cottage like feel which enhances the ambiance. 
Our waitress was good, explaining the menu and tending to our needs regularly.
For appetizers I tried the  raw oysters, they were fresh and delicious.
My main was a rainbow trout with morel sauce, unique bacon, wild rice turnips, rhubarb and wax beans. The combination worked very well. 
And finally got dessert, I had strawberry popsicle, it was refreshing and tasty.
It was worth the visit!Hands down my favorite restaurant in Calgary. Great service, great ambiance and great food w excellent plating! Every dish was an art piece. I had their Wild Ramp Mignonette Oysters, Gamay Noir Red Wine and High Country Bison Striploim. The oysters were fresh and juicy, the gamay was medium bodied w an earthy finish and the bison tasted like a leaner file mignon. On top of my meal, I was working on a dead line that evening. The waitress took notice and mentioned for me to stay as late as I needed and insisted that I get whatever I need to get done. I was floored. I tried not to stay too late and left close to 11pm and they were hospitable down to the last minute I was there. Genuine folks that really take care of you without any pretention.One of the best meals I have had anywhere.  The cocktail menu was a little on the sweet side for my taste but the food was awesome.  Highly recommend it.I loved the atmosphere of the River Cafe, and was excited to try it.  Service was good, not obnoxious, just the right amount of checking in on us.  My husband and I shared the hummus and pita to start - very tasty.  I had the lobster and scallop dish, and my husband had the beef.  The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best, especially for the price.  We enjoy a nice meal, and don't mind paying for it, unfortunately, we just weren't super impressed.  

Glad we got to try it, but won't be back - perhaps for brunch, but definitely not for dinner.Ok, so I went to River Café in November... sorry i've got a lot of catching up to do. 



The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because they force you to pay for water. If thats the case they should donate the funds from the water to a chairty organization, kind-of like Cibo does.

Anyway.... we took my mom there for a sunday brunch birthday celebration. Our waiter Chad was phenomenal. He was very attentive and wasn't overbearing or pushy. He was patient with my mom and her millions of questions and when we ordered was kind enough to make sure we knew exactly what we were in for.

My mom and I both had the Quiche. This was a traditional quiche which isn't supposed to be served hot like most other places do. It was creamy and had the right amount of flavour components, nothing overbearing. The side salad was fennel with gigantic slices of tomatoes. Im not the biggest fan of fennel but i happily ate the tomatoes. 

My father had the  Hog wild peameal bacon and 64° egg. (for those of you that don't know-- a 64° egg is an egg slow cooked in the shell in a water bath (sous-vide most of the time) of 64 degrees Celsius and has a custard-like white and somewhat solid yolk). He loved it. No complaints or anything. He was really taken by the plate though, which was long and narrow, like it was meant to serve a fish on, and it was clear, Im pretty sure he spent more time talking about the plate then any part of his meal.

Boyfriend had the Elk Bacon eggs benny with brown butter hollandaise. It must have been awesome because he barely spoke the entire time we were there. 

My mom later saw a student she once taught and went over to talk to them, I took this opportunity to go talk to chad about a surprise birthday dessert. He said i would have to pay for it which was no surprise and listed off the different desserts they had. I decided to go with the Maple crème brûlée withPecan Sugar Cookie and Candied Orange. Heaven! It was gone in less then 7 minutes. 

I'd love to go back to River Café during the summer when the park is green and pretty and the weather is warm.I was in for business from out of town, so I've only dined at River Cafe once.  I had just gotten out of a slightly stressful meeting and had a long drive, so I was tired and hungry.  After a very nice walk through the park, I was about to turn around and settle for some unremarkable food, when I happened upon River Cafe.  I didn't know anything about it, so I took a look at the menu.  It is very expensive, but I decided to treat myself after a rather rough day.  :)  

I sat at the bar since I was dining alone.  I ordered the cauliflower soup, which was terrific and flavorful on a chilly day.  I loved the olive salt and crunchy croutons, which were such a nice contrast to the very smooth and delicate soup.  For my entree, I ordered the black cod.  Oh my, it was cooked to absolute perfection.   Black cod is probably my favorite fish ever.  It was accompanied by different colors of roasted cauliflower, which were delicious.  My only complaint was that the roasted potatoes were too salty, but that's ok--the fish and cauliflower were more than enough to eat.  The bread that they serve is absolutely fantastic and made in-house.  Yum.  I tried a sparkling wine from BC (Blue Mountain), which isn't exported to the US.  It was delightful.  Not like true champagne, of course, but very good in its own right.  I only regret that I was too stuffed to order dessert.  I guess I'm not a huge eater, but some folks have complained about small portions here.  I definitely did not find that at all.  I've certainly visited other fine dining places with miniscule portions, even for a smaller eater like me.  There was a good amount of food here!  Just wish the US dollar were stronger so that it wouldn't have been quite so pricey.  But still, I loved it.

The atmosphere is cozy and relaxed, which I absolutely loved.  The setting in the park is wonderful, of course.  The service was very professional and friendly.  As an aside, it just so happened that the two businessmen who were sitting next to me were from Illinois--one even lives in the town where I work!  Tiny world.My husband told the restaurant well in advance when making a reservation that it was for our anniversary. They mentioned at the time they would make it special. When we arrived we were taken to all the way to the back of the restaurant, to a side table next to the washroom. We asked to be reseated as there were plenty of other seats in better locations in the main dining area that were still intimate. Witnessed a couple instances of racism when it came to seating guests. Food was mediocre. Waiter was not interested in his job, didn't even introduce himself. Nothing was done to make it a special night. I do not recommend this restaurant. Other suggestions for wonderful service and food include charbar, notable, Suzette's, and Bridgette bar.Canadian Local Fare that emphasizes seasonal ingredients.
It is now reopened! It has been open for a week now since the flooding and we went to show our support,  even if only for drinks. I am glad we only had drinks as I fear had we ordered any food, we would still be sitting there many hours later.
*Service was terrible*. Unfriendly, super slow and it was not at all busy, even on the patio. 
15 minutes to order a drink , half hour to get our drinks...zzzzzzzzzzzz. 
Let's face it, you are paying for the amazing location, in the park, along the water. Such a nice spot.
A martini is $11, a glass of wine is $10, beer is $6.75 and be aware, they lost their kegs for now so you can only have bottled beer at the moment (for all the draft beer drinkers).
An average meal is $38-$48 for an entree. We may come back for a special occasion as the restaurant itself was adorable. Very cozy, rustic and clean. Would make for a great date-spot.I've never made it for dinner but the two times I've had lunch here all 3 courses have been outstanding.  Fresh ingredients, wild game, and interesting choices combines with a nice atmosphere and location make for one of the best experiences in Calgary.  The price isn't extravagant either, well worth what you get.I haven't been to River Cafe in years, so when a couple out of town guests suggested we go here for brunch I didn't object.

Lucky for us, the weather was nice so it literally was a "walk in the park" to get to the restaurant lol

It was quite busy but they had no troubles accommodating our large reso. Coffee and teas were poured, specials were read to us and orders were promptly taken. I love a good eggs benny and I wanted to try their bison bacon so that's what I settled on for brunch.

Everyone's food looked amazing, and I had a bite of my friend's brioche french toast which had the perfect amount of sweetness to it (white chocolate creme fraiche!) 

Bison bacon is not as fatty as regular bacon, but it's definitely up there for savory flavor! And they didn't go with the usual english muffin, a fluffy biscuit soaked up the eggy and saucy goodness and brought the dish to a whole other level!

A brunch place that takes resos and serves quality food? Hard to come by in Calgary, but if you find it (River Cafe people!), take advantage of it!Haven't been here for a long time and came for a quick Valentine's Day lunch :) it was a romantic walk and the setting is adorable. Food was good but not mind blowing, service impeccable. Overall a wonderful date location :)This place is gorgeous. Rustic, homey and quintessentially Canadian.

The issue that I find with a lot of restaurants set in nice locations is that their food is mediocre given that they are riding on their nice location to bring customers in.

Not so with River Cafe.

We came by after the lunch hour on a weekend and were situated in a perfect spot next to the windows. My girlfriend ordered the french toast, which was perfectly fluffy and delicious. I ordered the Bison burger, which was equally as tasty.

Can't wait to be back again.  Maybe for desserts or even on a patio as Dale E. had suggested.I love how this place looks in the middle of the park. Perfect for walking around before or after your meal. 

I've only been for brunch and the food was pretty good. The little pastry basket was good for sharing. The eggs benedict was good, except that I asked for my egg to be soft and one came out completely hard. The server apologized though and service was amazing. Tiramisu was good but nothing amazing that I would go back for. The chocolate tart was good, and the fruit sorbet was so refreshing, I would recommend. The drinks were refreshing and nice on the patio, but nothing to write home about. Mixed feelings about the food depending on the dish, but I would definitely be willing to go back and try for dinner.

$2 parking underground at Eau Claire on the weekends if you are having trouble finding street parking for free :)Allow me to paint you a picture... It is a crisp Saturday morning, not a lot of people are out, there is snow in Prince's Island Park, the sun is shining and I am enjoying the company of a new friend going for a walk.

Everything is lovely, despite the cold, so we decide to head to the River Cafe - now, I have never been here for brunch, so I am entirely unsure of what to expect, my new found friend has never been here, ever.

Let me fill in another part of the picture... a picturesque cafe, nestled in a lovely park, looks like a cabin, and is extremely homey... Until you tell them you are just enjoying coffee and pastries.

I know, I know, the River Cafe, coffee and pastries? Must be insane right? That was what our server thought, apparently. Service was fantastic at the start, we ordered coffee and their pastry basket... Out comes the lovely Kicking Horse organic coffee, out come the delightful pastries (I could have eaten ten of the fantastic apple cinnamon danishes); we talk, we laugh, we enjoy the coffee, the pastries and the atmosphere. As we finish up the pastries, our waitress looks positively puzzled as we say "No, just some more coffee, thank you"... She tops up our coffee and our bottomless water without leaving the second bottle (funny how that works), and proceeds to leave us to our conversation... For TWENTY minutes... Empty water glasses, empty coffee cups... We were ready to go anyway, but to wait 20 minutes, and to have the waitress presumptuously bring us the bill?

Apparently I was wrong about this place... They weren't at all busy, and I have never been pushed out the door when I have a big bill... Such disappointing service at the end. Oh, and I particularly loved the host NOT getting our jackets from the coat check for us. That was the icing on the cake.

All in all - good food, good service until they realize you are not dropping $100. I will NOT be back any time soon.Super.  Lots of local and sustainable meat options wonderfully prepared and oh so good.  Savoured every bite of my wild boar loin.  Still thinking about it a few days later.  Yum.

The setting is wonderful - in the middle of a park and right on the river - and service is great.

It's pricey (mains are $40+) but worth every penny.Overpriced in our opinion. 21 dollars for a burger with a greasy bun and soggy lettuce and a very dry crouton side dish......what was that?
Four dollars for a side of syrup for the French toast and a dollar for water.  I don't mind paying for great food, but this was average at best.  Won't return for weekend lunch/brunch.A great place to go for a special evening.

The River Cafe is a restaurant to go if you want to enjoy food. Expect to spend some more money but you will get delicious cuisine. Try the Rosemary Lemonade...

Affordable parking I available at Memorial Drive. Just cross the pedestrian bridge which is right at the parking lot - it is a 5 minute walk only.Yup, this is what I am talking about; cooked by real people with real ingredients; almost ordered an eggs benedict except that I had just had a mediocre breakfast up the street.  Went with a bison burger, ate some cheese, drank some wine-- had a wonderful time.  Great food cooked by people who think of themselves as real foodies.  A genuine joy.

I have heard that the duck breast is to die for, but that is second hand, though I trust the source.  Ummmmm.......  Currently, my favorite restaurant in Calgary.I have been here more times than I would have liked. It is such a nice venue, but consistently the poorest service and over priced food.   It takes 20 mins to get a drink and it seems like there are waiters standing around everywhere and yet no one is attending to you.  I have never been there once without having to get up from my table and ask for a waiter.   The food, once you get it is OK but not worth the price they charge.  It's so sad.  We kept going back because we love the island, but not sure I can justify it anymore.  I assume they survive on tourists who don't know the difference and people who just don't mind sitting for hours.   If u do go, and have a few hours and a few hundred bucks and lots of patience, order the hummus and the bison burger.This was a very romantic restaurant.  We completed our day of walking on the downtown Calgary trial with dinner at the restaurant.  It was pricey but the ambience and food were worth it.I'd give it 3.5 stars.  Nice patio and decent food but not particularly memorable.

The location is certainly great to enjoy a lovely day.  The patio is mostly enshrouded by trees and bushes though, which is a bit of a pity considering its river-side location, if only I could've seen more of the river!

The menu for lunch is small and tries to be seasonal, with a good selection of sandwiches, a few daily specials and some regular entrees.

I tried their wood-grilled salmon.  Portion size was perfect, not overly filling.  The salmon was grilled to perfection, attaining a nicely crisp crust, the shards of pickled fennel and crisp haricot vert went well with the fatty fish and the creamy maitake mushrooms were a tasty and meaty side.  The potato cake was rather redundant.

Overall, I would say this place has good service, passable food and a nice patio.just stopped in today for a late lunch on a gorgeous sunny day. i was dining alone, and there was just enough space on the deck to accomodate me.

the ambiance is beautiful. rustic, but not log-cabin-ny. my server definately knew the menu inside and out, including the wine menu. 

i ended up going with the duck rilette sandwich served with the lightest homeade purple chips. oh man. everything is better with duck fat. this sandwich was eloquantly done with arugula, brie, a little bit of honey, and some in-house baked artisan bread. dang. i think they even brushed the inside of the bread with the duck fat, and let that puppy lightly toast on the wood grill.

would definately stop in again.I've wanted to try the River Cafe for a long time for their seasonal fare and the location. 

The Good: The ambiance is phenomenal. It's like a little cottage nestled in the heart of the park and it's especially pretty with a winter/Christmas feel. You can't beat the location. 

The food was also mostly quite good. We shared the fish and game board to start (24). The housemade crackers were a nice touch and they had a delicious buttery taste. For dinner I had the Noble Farms Duck Breast (42)  and my husband had the 'Bite' Beef Tenderloin (46). The dishes were all enjoyable and well-presented. 

The service was average. A hint of pretension but attentive service overall. Waters were kept topped off and we didn't wait too long.

The Bad: It's the little details. Plates that are too big for the size of the tables so that every plate being delivered feels a bit treacherous (make sure you duck and get ready to move your cutlery). A miniscule pat of butter along with the bread to serve four people (is there a butter shortage I'm not aware of?) The Pecan Butter Tart (11) for dessert was really only so-so. It was overcooked and dry, I had a hard time breaking it into pieces with just my fork. (If you wish you had a knife, it's probably not a great tart). And finally, River Cafe, when I pay $180 for a two-person meal it'd be nice to have a mint or something along with the cheque. Even a tiny chocolate mint to sweeten the blow a little! 

The Ugly: This one is entirely on me, but don't wear heels. There is no parking nearby and you will have to walk about ten minutes from your car to the restaurant itself in the park. 

Overall, River Cafe is an experience worth having. Go with your sweetie or family for a special occasion and if the price tag is a bit much for you, skip appetizers, go for one of the delicious main meals and have a few housemade truffles (3 ea) with a hot beverage. Linger and soak up the atmosphere because it truly is a lovely restaurant with great surroundings.Went there for my birthday, Nov 28 2013. First of all, it was dark, snowy and cold, walking to the island. There were no signs that we could find (as newbies to Calgary we didn't really know where we were going) so we had to ask someone else who was walking and followed them, and the footbridge across the water was pitch black. If I was on my own I may not have crossed - seriously unsafe.

The restaurant is very cute - nice ambiance - I'd love to go there in the summer and sit outside on the patio for a light lunch. 

As for my birthday dinner, I got the 'special' which was some kind of game meat, I think elk.  My review here is not specific, as it's been a while... but rather, it is to review the general feeling we had. It was very expensive, at $45-50 for each of our entrees, and we picked the cheapest bottle of wine which was still around $40. We're used to paying decent money for good food, but we were both a little disappointed in our meals... they were good, but not amazing, and the servings were small. Tiny little potatoes and a tiny amount of veggies. We had to eat two baskets of bread to get full. They brought me a nice dessert on the house with a sparkler in it for my birthday.

We did have a nice experience, but we won't go back for a fancy dinner as it was too much money for what it was (especially with the wine). We will however go back for a summer lunch and enjoy the view.I've been wanting to try River Café for a looooooong time. Located right in the middle of Prince's Island Park, it's the perfect spot to drop by after a nice, leisurely walk around the park. When I saw their menu on Big Taste, I was even more intrigued and knew I had to try them out.

I met up with my friend A, who booked us a reservation for 2pm, and the rest is history. There's lots of parking nearby but just make sure you give yourself a couple extra minutes as you'll have to park and walk to River Café. We might have been a bit late but we called to let them know and they were very accommodating. For a Sunday, the place was bustling with people. The décor has a very rustic, cabin feel to it but still maintains a modern, contemporary feel to it. Just gorgeous. Perfect spot to bring a date.

While the brunch/lunch menu sounded tempting, we couldn't resist the Big Taste three course lunch tasting menu, which was an absolute STEAL at $15.00! You could even get wine pairings for an additional $14.00 (pretty dang reasonable) but we opted out this time.

- Driview Farms lamb - Beck Farms carrot emulsion, coriander, Lyalta watercress, Three Farmers camelina oil and pumpkin seed. The fact that they gave us something unique as an appetizer over your typical soup/salad dish was a win in my book. The lamb was absolutely delicious! A nice mix of wild, earthy root vegetables and this crumbly texture (from the pumpkin seed?) was a delight. Plating and presentation was also absolutely breathtaking.

- Wood grilled albacore tuna and soft poached egg - Venturi Schulze verjus, brown butter roasted parsnips, smoked Poplar Bluff potato purée and preserved pear. The potato puree, think elegant mashed potatoes, was the best I've ever had so far in my life. The tuna was perfectly cooked with just enough sear to it. I'm not a big egg fan but this one was a delight - perfectly poached and soft to a tee.

- Highwood Crossing oatmeal and maple syrup cookies - so cute. Two cookies to end our meal that came in a to go brown bag. We couldn't wait and ate them right then and there. Nice crunch and not too sweet.

River Café is bomb. Everything was top notch, from the service to the food. There's a reason they were voted #67 on Canada's 100 Best Restaurants for 2016. Definitely a must for any occasion!Great food, beautiful location and if the weather is nice, sitting on the patio is a must! This is a good pick if you want a romantic setting. It's a little pricier but it's fitting for a special meal.The place is outstanding - fresh seasonal locally sourced food, perfectly prepared in an unpretentious environment. What more could you want?!

The interior is warm, cozy, and spotlessly clean. The view of the park is very nice. Waitstaff were slow and a bit bland, but, they got the job done so I cannot complain.

I had the bison burger with bacon - a fine example of a high end artisan burger able to stand up to anything NYC's best burger joints have to offer. 

River Cafe is a gem in Calgary and the locals should be proud.Fine dinning . . . . I'm still not tasting it.  

We've been here a few and so far they seem to be lacking something. For these kind of prices the food should be something that makes me want to keep going back. Something so tasty I don't mind spending the extra money. It's not happening. 

Come on; 21 dollars for a bison burger and a salad! It should be a spectacular burger and salad for that much, but it's not.  The service could be better too, the wait staff are fairly arrogant probably because the restaurant is so full of itself. Try a little humility.

Can't beat the location too bad about the situation.A classy establishment in the middle of the Prince Island park. go enjoy the patio during summer days, or dress up and go there for a date at night.
You will enjoy, trust me!I've been wanting to go here for awhile (almost 5 years? LOL). I met up with someone here to talk about a business plan for brunch. We shared the fish and game platter-very unique and tasty. The rest of the menu and the plates I saw walk by over the course of the morning looked wonderful and require me to come back to try more menu items. The servers are highly professional which really does enhance the dining experience. The patio is beautiful and inside is rustic, cozy and charming.

The River Cafe has a simple elegance that makes it a great sport to lunch with friends, have a romantic meal or celebrate with family (oh and business brunches too). It isn't the cheapest but it is worth the little extra you pay. I think this will become a favourite spot for me and its a great place to bring visitors as well.Solid 4 star experience! Most memorable dish was the red lentil hummus starter with toasted pita---delicious!!

Wild Boar and Duck Breast also very good, not stupendous and the service was a bit slow so can't give that 5th star but a very good dinner for sure and the ambiance is definitely a big plus!

Check it out, you won't be sorry!Great quality, but service can be a bit patchy. Walked out on them this past summer after sitting at the table we were shown to for 20 mins being ignored by various wait staff. Maybe we were in some no-man's land between table allocations.Go for a stroll to get to this super romantic place for a special dinner with a love one.  Celebrated my husband's birthday here and it was the first time we tried this place.  It's very warm and rustic inside with the right amount of lighting.  What I liked was it wasn't too loud like many places so you can actually here the person in front of you.  The service was great.  It's seasonal cuisine so it's not an extensive menu.  We had appetizers to start, the bison tartare and the fish & game board.  Great combination of cured meat, sausage and fish.  The bison tartare was melt in your mouth and with the homemade sesame crackers, had great textures.  For dinner 3 of us had the wild hog boar striploin, delicious, cooked perfection.  My friend had the organic chicken and what can I say, it's chicken, nothing special other than the presentation.We were celebrating a birthday and the server wasn't aware nor attentive to our table as she was serving us (6pax) plus another large table (10pax). She forgot my beverage, rang the wrong dish on an order, and was nowhere to be found when we needed service (had to actually wave down other servers more than once to get service). 
We were shocked that the pastries we thought were complimentary (she offered them because our food would take longer due to the 10pax) were charged to my guests bills!!
Food was delicious but that was the extent of the experience. 
A frustrated guest of mine who arrived later with her boyfriend was sat at a smaller table. They wanted to get up and leave as the level of service by both the server and the manager felt unacceptable. Neither of them provided table service (although my guests were ready to order) for approx 10-15 mins until I waved her down (which is now the 5th time). The room isn't large and now there were only 3 other tables (2pax) in a different servers section. The poor service was a disappointment as we recently dined at the Deane House and knew they were sister restaurants (where service was superb!!) a couple of weeks before. Again, the food was fantastic, but the service was lacking. I was embarrassed for bringing my guests there.I have been to Calgary so many times and I don't know how I missed enjoying the cuisine in this remarkable and unique restaurant. Located on an island in the middle of the Bow River and steps from downtown.  Fresh locally sourced products are combined into culinary treats that make you want to eat slowly and enjoy the food, drink, dessert, friendly and knowledgable service in an extremely comfortable environment. The menu is well thought out to be slightly different but using very familiar ingredients served picture perfect--and delicious. The wine and drink list is not overwhelming but more than adequate. Everything works and combines for a memorable evening not to be missed. We will be back.Went in there for dessert, horrible service, food quality was okay. I think server let restaurants reputation gone to it's head ......

There was no greeting, not even water were served to us. We asked him question and he never answer them, just said he will go check then we found him happily serving table of 6 besides us...

The next time we saw him was when he passed us the bill, not a thank you or how was the food....

Wow....Great spot in the park!
Love the ambience, food, drinks, service ...everything. The host took care of us very well. Food arrived on a timely manner. Love the outdoor area.

Keep up good work!Why have we never been there? I'm a bit cautious about telling you our experience, because we want to be able to get a table. (Sorry, that's selfish...)
 Wow, was this a great time! The restaurant is in Princess Island Park. The building is beautiful and rustic. The tables on the patio DON'T WOBBLE! (They pay attention to detail.) The food? Loved it! We had the red lentil hummus as an appy and the halibut as our entrees. When you go, you'll be able to explore their extensive wine list. The flavors are fantastic.  Say hi to Jen for us.Just had a fabulous lunch on the patio at the River Café.
What a great location, patio, staff - winner all the way around.
The food is really nicely presented and the flavors are delicious.  I took the waiter's suggestion of the pot pie and it was so flavorful! A nice grainy mustard based stew filled with chicken, pork belly, potatoes and veggies all topped with a crispy fried crust.  Very filling.
And the prices here are pretty good, including for bottled beer - they rival any brewhouse or chain restaurant for beer prices for sure and they have an awesome selection.  No Molson here!
Thanks for a great afternoon RC!Best place to go in Calgary for a special occasion. Cozy in the winter and lovely and bright in the summer. I would also take visiting friends and family here if they were looking for local fare.We drove to Calgary over Labour Day weekend for a friends wedding and ended up here after a long day of driving. We ended up here mostly because it was close to the hotel and the only place that was open that wasn't fast food. 
Like a lot of things in Calgary I was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. 
It fantastic to see a place that showcases Canadian ingredients in almost every dish. I don't remember exactly what I had, but I remember it being very good. I ended stealing a couple bites of my better half's plate and remarking that she may have won dinner. 

Staff there is super friendly too. Very patient and willing to walk you though the menu, answer questions and make suggestions on drink pairings. Next time we're in Calgary, we'll be dining here.Very expensive, but always a memorable meal and fantastic service.My fiancé and myself have been here a few times but our last experience really impressed me. We had reservations and the restaurant was very busy so they took an extra few minutes to seat us, but it was worth it. We sat on the patio and had a beautiful view of the city as the sun set. The staff was very knowledgeable of their food and took an extra few moments to explain what everything was as the put it on the table. The waitress was very pleasant and attentive even though she had many other tables, as well as she surprised us with a small plate of hand rolled truffles to celebrate our anniversary that night. Over all, while pricey this place is worth it, delicious food, great atmosphere and wonderful staff, make this place a must try for anyone in Calgary.Despite horrendous flood damage, River Cafe is back and is good as it ever was. Before the summer passes, get down there and dine on their patio.  Beautiful seafood creations like oysters on the half shell, calamari appetizers and halibut tempt the palate and glasses of Rose Cava keep it clean. Service is good and the staff are just getting back into the swing of things. 

A worthy splurge.  Go back and support this fine Calgary businessDinner at 830 Saturday evening 06 Aug 2011, and once again we were not disappointed. To start, we shared the fish and game board, which in this month's version included boar paté and bison prosciutto; for mains my son ordered the pork chop, my wife chose the sablefish, and I asked for the steelhead trout. For desserts we tried the apricot cake (wife), panna cotta (me), and fresh peaches on vanilla bean gelato (son). All good. Our server suggested a wine we'd never had before, a biodynamically-grown chenin blanc from the Loire -- 2009 sec Domaine Huet Vouvray Le Haut Lieu, which paired well with the sablefish and trout -- starting off-dry and trailing with a subtle acidity. River Cafe previously introduced us to wines that have become some of our favourites -- another reason we love the place so. Yes, it's on the spendy side, but we were (belatedly) celebrating our anniversary. Worth it.Exceptional food and service!  The bison burger was the best I've ever had.  The ambiance was spectacular.  Upscale gourmet with prices to match but well worth it.Very good food, Great Wine list, very nice locationGood for brunch. They use fresh ingredients and that definitely shows in the flavour of their food. The location is great for warm summer days and the service is outstandingMy husband and I had lunch and it was fabulous! Service was great and food was amazing! Highly recommend to anyone!Fancy place with perfect atmosphere for special occasion. Menu change for a period, but the food is at average rateWe recently tried this place while visiting Calgary, for the ScotiaBank marathon.  ...I'll start on a positive note - the setting in Prince Island Park was beautiful!
The menu/food and service....not so much.  I left the place starving, as there were limited options for a vegetarian palate.  I was hoping for a large, green salad (without meat, cheese or anything sugary).  The 'only' green salad option they offered was the Heritage Greens - which was a tiny bowl of ingredients that were 'fluffed' to almost nothing - for $14!  Since this item fell under the appetizer heading I had originally requested the restaurant to make this an entree-sized salad (of course charging me accordingly) to which the waiter replied 'no can do'.  ...After slowly chewing my way through this strange tasting bowl of fluff I was glad that I did receive an entree sized portion.  Maybe it was the bee pollen that offered the bitter and gritty flavor, but I would not order it again.
I sat for a very long time with an empty water glass, until finally my husband decided to share his with me, hoping the waiter would be back soon to refresh our glasses (which did not happen for another long while) - until he came back to offer dessert options, which we declined.
So it was really too late to be finally refreshing our water (especially mine) - as our check came soon-after.
This presented another surprise - the other couple had ordered an appetizer, some raw bison thing - which obviously I did not eat, being vegetarian.  Well, without asking us, our waiter split the appetizer cost - adding half to our bill!  ...We were with friends, but we have not known them for long so this created a VERY awkward situation to say the least.  I think my husband may have had 1 small bite of this raw, meat-eaters appetizer, but was in no way planning to pay for half of the $18 appetizer, for that 1 taste.  ...It did get very awkward, but I asked aloud why we were being charged for half of the app, however the waiter dropped our checks off quickly, heading off to another table and didn't ask if the bills looked okay to us.
Well our friend's wife awkwardly offered to give my husband cash.  ...Why couldn't the waiter ask first how we wanted the bill split up?  It would have saved a very awkward moment for us with our friends.
Once we left, we ended up dropping the other couple off at our B&B and headed out to run some errands.  I told my husband, I know this probably sounds weird, but I really am hungry and would like to try and find a to-go salad while we are out.  He graciously understood, but I think it's terrible that we paid $14 for a tiny bowl of 'fluff' (and I do mean fluff) and I am still hungry.
I did pick something up to eat & brought it back to our B&B and kind of again 'awkwardly' explained that I was still hungry.  I was surprised to hear from the other couple that they too were also hungry, even after having bread, an appetizer and full entrees!  ...Wow!  This shocked me and I said, if you guys are still hungry imagine how hungry I am.
Sad to report that even with the beautiful setting at the River Cafe, I would NOT recommend this pricy place with little to no options for vegetarians, hit and miss service that caused us awkward times with our friends and every one of us leaving hungry.
Try another restaurant!  ....You can always check out, walk & enjoy Prince Island Park for free, without handing over your hard-earned $$$ for this type of experience.We were invited by friends to celebrate a special anniversary with them at the River Café in December and it was really nice.  We had a great dinner evening and the restaurant was done in twinkly mini white lights and felt very cozy and special.  We have dined here before and found the service and food was exceptional.  We would come back here to celebrate special occasions and it was really nice when we walked over the bridge to the island.  There was an area where music was playing and people skating on a special pond area under the evening lights.  This restaurant is really nice in the summer when everything is green and sometimes you see Canada geese in the park.  Very enjoyable !As for me，the price is a little high. However,  when I eat dinner was around by river, trees, sunshine and birds,etc. I believe that is fantastic, and I love it suddenly. Seasonal menu is a great method to attract customers. It is worth eating.What a lovely place for a classy lunch. I felt like I escaped the madness of downtown for a few hours and did not want to leave the River Cafe to go back to work. A super high end venue filled with rustic charm and a cozy atmosphere to match the wonderful menu and wine list. I've lived in calgary for 5 years and finally made it to this gem of a resto. I can't stop telling my friends about this place, you should go asap.Nice place. I have to agree with the popular consensus that it is a very romantic place. The location is just amazing. The view of the city is breath taking. The food is very good, but some of the dishes are a bit out of the norm. If you like some kind of 'wild game', then you will probably appreciate the menu more than most. The service was attentive and the host was hilarious. If you wanted to take someone out on a nice date, then River Cafe is the place to go, but don't expect it to be cheap.This is my first trip to Calgary. I'm staying at the Sheraton Suites which is very close to this restaurant. This place is amazing and so good! I don't find Canadian food to be particularly creative but the menu on this place is so unique and good. The trout is great, so many flavors mixed that make it an amazing choice. I also had the rice pudding which is prepared with wild rice. Again, unique and different. This is a must place if you're planning a visit to Prince's Island Park.Had an excellent early bird dinner on a relaxing Sunday night at this Calgary institution. Service was excellent even though I was a small check. Their complementary house made sourdough bread is exceptional. The hummus and flatbread was solid and had a unique twist unique lentils in place of chickpeas. The trout with peas, potatoes and buttermilk was delicious. All in all a highly recommended place in Calgary for anyone who loves great terroir driven cuisineThe atmosphere is great- it smells wonderful in there too- I think they have a wood burning stove. The service is top notch. Our waiter was knowledgeable, attentive, and never in the way. 

The food is pretty good. Not great though. My cauliflower soup was bland. And the flavors in my fish didn't complement each other as well as they should have. The hummus was ok- nothing to write home about. Almost everything could have used some lemon juice, some pepper or some vinegar. The dessert we ordered was fantastic though- a peach cobbler with ice cream. 

For the price I was paying, I would say the food was not worth it. Each of us dropped $100 CAD on an entrée, an appetizer, some shared dessert and some wine. I've had cheaper and more delicious meals at comparable establishments in New York City. The huge windows overlooking the park and the river make it better though. In short- you seem to be paying more for the experience of eating in the park than for quality food.I was able to visit this place on my Calgary, Canada trip with my family. This place is located in Prince's Island Park, which is a tourist site in Calgary . It's a bit of a walk to get to this restaurant, but well worth it.

I've never felt so warm and welcome in a place on vacation . As soon as we walked in , everyone was very nice . We did not have to wait long before we were seated .

FIrst of all, everything inside looks so natural, very rustic. A lot of wood furniture , but in a posh way .  Not to mention, you are near the beautiful water and flowers. So serene. I could definitely see this as a romantic outing with a loved one. 

I ordered the Lobster Eggs Benedict . I seem to order Eggs Benedict everywhere I go.  It was very yummy and was served with biscuits instead of the usual english muffins .  I love when a different take is done on a dish.

The service was impeccable . They also had a pretty good wine list if you're in the mood for it .  If you haven't visited Calgary, when you do, be sure to make this a day of fun at Prince's Island and this fab establishment.I came here with my parents for father's day.

The restaurant was about three-quarters full. We ordered appetizers, including the beet salad and the duck risotto. Both appetizers were very good.

However, this is where things fell apart. After our appetizers were taken away, we waited over a full hour for the mains to be served. After 45 minutes, we started asking why it was taking so long and learned that apparently the kitchen was backed up. On father's day, with a less than full restaurant. 

Things went from bad to worse. When the meal showed up, my mom's short rib was cold. I don't mean it was room temperature; the outside was, but the inside was the temperature of a refrigerator. Clearly, they had taken it out of the refrigerator, either not microwaved it long enough or simply forgot to cook it, and put it on the plate. 

My dad had ordered the lamb tourtiere, which is essentially a meat pie. When it arrived, we noticed that the side of the pie facing up (not the top part, which was crusted as it should be) had totally dried out, parts of the meat were crunchy. Obviously, it had been sitting under the heat lamb for a very long period of time.

I had the salmon and it was quite good, so I guess that's one out of three.

Some caveats: our server was very nice and the restaurant did take steps to rectify the meal. Indeed, the service was actually quite good and managed to salvage the second star you see above.

Regardless, you don't expect to pay $45 for an entree to have meat straight out of a refrigerator or food that has dried out underneath a heat lamp; nor do you expect to wait 1 hour plus for this pleasure when the restaurant is not even full.You cannot get a better location for fine dinning in Calgary. Right next to the turquoise Bow River on Prince's Island Park, you are nestled right in beautiful picturesque Calgary landscape - and Calgary is not the prettiest of cities to visit in Canada. So come here if you are a tourist if you're wanting to experience the best of Calgary!

I've dined here a couple times now. After perusing Instagram for the best brunch spots in Calgary, I decided to come here for their weekend brunch this time. I ordered their hog wild boar ham, which is a poached duck egg dish accompanied by asparagus, and a large portion of boar ham. A nice exotic twist on a traditional dish. The cuisine here is generally pretty creative. 

Everything I have tried here is yummy. If you're a foodie definitely bookmark this place and visit for on a nice snowy or sunny day (sit on their patio). You'll feel super outdoorsy and fancy at the same time.Absolutely amazing! Every time I have visited Calgary, I have always wondered about River Cafe. This long weekend we decided to give it a try. After our experience I wonder why I haven't tried it any sooner! Impeccable service and food. I DEFINITELY recommend!! Try out the Red Pepper Hummus. It's delicious. This is one of my new favourite spots in Calgary!It's in beautiful part of this city. Really has the Calgary spirit. Great place for light brunch and just some overall great timeI'm new to Calgary, and I had to walk along Prince Island Park. I came in on the afternoon, by myself and perhaps a little underdressed. Casually.

They must've been busy because I felt neglected, I would ask for tea and no milk or sugar cane with it. I had to ask. Took 20 minutes for the server to come with milk and sugar. I asked for water, every table was asked for water except me. So I had to ask for water, and it took them another 20 minutes to get water. I wasn't checked up on, and had to wave the servers down.

I didn't feel welcomed. I feel like I shouldn't have come at all. The two stars are for the good weather and that the cake came at all.A truly "Taste of Alberta" restaurant.  This place is amazing with its fresh, local flavours and unique and wonderful combinations.  This is truly THE place to take visitors or simply come back to experience local tastes with a twist.  My mouth waters just thinking of this restaurant and the ambiance of the surroundings  is the cherry on top.  Adorable and comfortable decor and where else in Calgary can you dine in such a gorgeous park setting??? Nature envelopes you here as you nosh on the bounties of what it offers.  Don't miss this place!!   $$$$  is the only downside.The ambience here is perfect: Set in Prince's Island Park with a water view and surrounded by gardens.  I love getting a table on the patio.  It's so rustic and beautiful.  Great for date night!  The staff are friendly and welcoming.  

The food is seasonable and local.  The red lentil hummus is very good; although the flatbread that accompanied the hummus plus the bread that came with the meal was in all a bit too carb-y for me.  But the salted butter was so good that I couldn't resist the bread!  I had the pickeral as my main and it was very good while hubby had the bison striploin and loved every bite of it.

We were too stuffed for dessert (bread overload!) but would love to come back to try it in the future.This restaurant is the epitome of comfortable upscale dining. I have never felt uncomfortable while dining here and the food sets the bar very high. The staff at the River Cafe are meticulous and dedicated to customer satisfaction.

The flavours are very savoury. Each time I visit, I order the fish and I am never disappointed. The flavours are rich and balanced, and my tastebuds are left tantalized. I always walk away satisfied, full and ready to go back soon after.  

The atmosphere is quiet and formal, which I appreciate after a long day. You never see children, so this is a suitable place for a mom and dad's night out or a date night for young adults. I always recommend this restaurant as a dining experience for friends who are visiting from out of country or even out of town. 

The resilience of the restaurant and staff shown after the horrendous flooding of the Bow River in 2013 is just a true show of what a strong competitiveness is held here. This establishment is respected for a reason, and will always have me as a returning customer.To me this place is amazing.  I was here for the brunch menu on a Saturday.  The staff was SUPER
nice and helpful, the environment was paradise-like, the beer menu and drink menu in general was diverse, the Caesar was STRONG, and the food was reasonably priced and delicious.  My recommendations is please try a side of chorizo--it is soooo good!I have been here four times and it is consistently good. That's the mark of a great restaurant - consistency! I have tried several different appetizers and entrees - mostly fish - and have really enjoyed every morsel. 

The atmosphere is charming and comfortable and the service is pleasant and attentive. 

I particularly enjoy their own water. For $1 you can have unlimited still or sparkling water - their own - to help save on environmental issues from plastic or glass bottles. 

Wish some other Calgary institutions would take a lesson from River Cafe.was here for their annual "big taste" (foodie, pre fixe menu event) and loved every dish served. a lot of detail and a lot of very good food pairings. great selection of ingredients used and a lot of care put into every dish. loved the chicken pate with grapefruit. Also been here for their normal brunch menu and was very satisfied with their eggs benedict. a great spot on a small island downtown Calgary on the Bow River.The cellar has a great selection and the way the beef is prepared; so tender it can be cut with a fork. The service was just okay, did not feel it enhanced the fine dining experience. This was definately, the my highest bill to date for fine dining, which is okay as the food and ambience and time spent, met our expectation.
Try to book a window seat so as to gaze out on Princess Island. (Do So in Winter/Sping and Fall.) I have been told that people say window seats are cold, we were warm.  During the summer season, your experience is more memorable if seated on the patio. Post meal, go for a skate on the canal or take a stroll through the park.Totally smitten with this place. Stunning location combined with a thoughtful and interesting menu. Had the big taste lunch menu and was so impressed with the quality, presentation, and flavor of the food. Super romantic for date night or bring in the in laws for brunch and beautiful views of prince's island. Definitely stands out in the Calgary restaurant scene, no wonder it's got as much hype as it does.Really nice food! We came as a group and the meal was set, but it was very good. The mixed greens salad was excellent, and the bison was outstanding.  The desert was not bad (it was a meringue fruit dish).  Some of my colleagues had the tuna albacore, which they enjoyed.  Others found the duck to be a bit dry.  It's a very nice restaurant in a nice area of the city.Excellent.  Went to dinner with friends and was happy to find this restaurant.  It is a nice walk to the restaurant and well worth the trek.B-List overall. A - List For The Patio. Rating 3 to 4. Go for specific food choices, ambiance and service. The location is among the best in the city. The patio (with heat lamps) is superb from late spring to the golden views of fall. The chefs do a very good to outstanding job of their signature dishes. Some of the appetizers (game platter as an example) are surprisingly unimpressive. The drinks vary. The wine and specialty drinks tend to be very good. The beer I experienced was good and in smaller glasses. Better, colder beer can be found elsewhere. This would be a great place to take out-of-town guests, celebrate a special occasion or just to get away from the feeling of being in a major city. And what could be better than strolling Prince's Island Park as part of your lunch or dinner experience at the River Cafe. Expen$$$ive.Been here a few times.  The service is always amazing but the food leaves a lot to be desired.  I would go back just because of the location.I visited River Café for Big Taste this year. My cousin and I opted for the five course gourmet menu with the wine pairings so we could get the full experience. River Café did not disappoint! I loved every course. The champagne poached oyster was a real treat, my only wish is that you got more than one. I really loved the squid, and the chicken paté was delish. The price tag is as big as the taste, and 59274927 times larger than the portions. A worthy restaurant for a special occasion, if you want your fine dining to have a bit of a rustic edge -- this is totally a luxury winter cabin dining experience. I like it.We went for dinner with another couple and sat outside. The setting is outstanding on the island and the patio is great on a warm evening. The service was prompt and professional. 
We had the hummus as a starter and it was excellent. The ladies had the trout which was fair. I had the duck which was a little dry and an incredibly small portion. Although I enjoy the setting it's very expensive for what's served. I'll likely call in for a drink or lunch in the future but think there's far better value in Calgary. The bill was $430 for the four of us with one shared starter, mains and two bottles of wine.This place is amazing! I came here on a beautiful evening and sat on the patio. It is in such a lovely area of the city. 

We had scallops and oysters to start and both were so delicious and fresh tasting. For my entree, I had the tuna. BEST TUNA I HAVE EVER HAD! The meal was sooooooooo incredibly delicious with the perfect combination of flavours and the portion size was just right. This, along with a fresh Pimms to drink, made the entire experience so yummy! 

The restaurant is definitely on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for and this place has some good quality food! I definitely recommend this for a date night or when you are wanting to treat yourself!Fabulous. Sitting on the deck, cooling off with a nice ale, then digging into the pear flatbread was heaven. The trout entree was another winner, though just about everything on the menu had me salivating. I'll be back, for sure.My first time at River Cafe, and the location is great. I had the beef special and apple cobbler for dessert. My companions all lived their choices which included the bison. I only had 1 concern. at the recommendation of our waitress we picked the organic Pinot noir which was awful, thankfully the manager allowed us to switch to a different wine, at no charge. Good was great as was the service, if you are willing to pay a few extra bucks for supper this is a good choice.Looking at this place online explains itself. Beautiful decor, great staff and although it's pricey, the food is very good. I had lamb and was not disappointed. The portions feel small initially however they serve the perfect amount of food to make you leave very satisfied. Great date place or nice dinner out!Loved this place!! My husband and I ate here on a Sunday afternoon at the end of July and the food was creative, fun, and delicious. We both had a different drink special and loved our cocktails. We sat inside, next to a big open window, near the fireplace. The atmosphere is part hipster, part romantic, part historic outdoorsy. Adorable place combined with great service and food. Highly recommend it!Don't wear sky-high heels, as it's a bit of a hike from wherever you parked. 

The food here is "fusion" so it's a bit interesting. But good! It's probably not for people who just want hamburgers, which is usually me.

I ordered the "Blini," which was a fluffy pancake with peaches on top. I liked it, but didn't end up SUPER stuffed afterwards. 

It's a little pricier, so I don't recommend just "popping in" here. The dress code seemed to be dressy casual.

The staff here are EXCELLENT. This is how service should be performed. Our server was genuinely nice and knew everything about the menu and had great recommendations.   

My friend went to the washroom and a server unrelated to our table stopped and folded her napkin on her chair and continued on his way. Great great service makes all the difference!Professional service every time, consistantly great food & great atmosphere. Love it. Eat here, you will have great memories of your brunch/lunch/dinnerI used to love River Cafe, gorgeous location on the river and close to where I worked. 

But the past two times I have gone, it has been sub-par. The last time we did brunch for the hubs birthday with my parents. The place wasn't busy, yet we barely saw our server. When we did see him, he repeatedly knocked over this metal bucket they had placed to collect water that was leaking from the roof. There was nothing gluten free, which surprised me, as they pride themselves on natural, local etc etc. And for the portion size, the prices were quite high. 

Needless to say, it will be a long time for before I return.RC definitely isn't a Michelin-star restaurant but I do have to applaud them for using quality ingredients (YEAY!! for supporting local farmers) and for succeeding in creating an exceptional ambiance to dine in. 

  I personally like their baked goods. Maybe its the wood-fired oven ...
So for those of you who are interested in what I thought of their dishes here's a summary of them. Don't know how useful they will be because RC does tend to change their menu occasionally.

-I love their flatbread & red lentil hummus dish. My favorite flatbread in town for sure. 
-The quiche was good. The crust was perfectly cooked. love their herbed potato hash. 
-Fish & Game platter is fun to try but I've had better. Great as an appetizer to share with someone. 
-Arctic Char was good. Fish was fresh and well cooked. 
-Noble Farm duck breast was yummy - flavors were perfectly balanced
- Beef tenderloin was good too - I'm not a big fan of beef brisket though... so it was just okay for me.
-Wild boar was on the menu last year but don't think it is anymore.  I really enjoyed it. 
- Baked french toast is my favorite brunch item on the menu. creative and tasty dish.
- farm eggs are also one of my favorite. yes, its just eggs but their scrambled eggs are cooked to perfection every time. 
- not a big fan of the freshly baked goods - except for the fact that their croissant uses the house made butter , the danish and the muffins were fresh but boring.
 
- House made truffles are a must. I love them. Its not too filling and a perfect way to finish your meal. 
- Creme brulee (which I prefer) and the ice creams are good too. 

- Black current crush and their Wildberry iced tea is my favorite drinks for brunch. Coffee & tea is okay.
  
 RC brings character to the dining community of Calgary and will be seeing more of me in the future!My wife and I have dined here several times, and we chose it for our anniversary dinner this year. We've never been disappointed. They honoured our request for a kitchen tour so our ten year old son could see what it's like in the heart of a busy fine dining restaurant, one of Calgary's best. If you like slow food prepared, presented, and served with care, you're in for a treat. They have an extensive wine list, and cellar manager Rob Smith is happy to answer wine questions if he's around. On Sundays you can bring your own bottle and corkage will be waived. Owner Sal Howell articulates an approach to good food that is not hard to understand or appreciate. Do not come here unless you're prepared to savour food and wine in a relaxed setting. The unmatched ambiance of the unique location tops it off.I will give them five stars if they fix the wooden chairs at the tables so that they don't feel like torcher chambers. It's the only complaint that Colin and I had. The food had delicate and complimentary flavors that seemed near perfection to me. They use only local ingredients and in the summer grow their own herbs and other fresh items in the back behind the restaurant. The first time we went I had a duck procuitto that had a strong but not overpowering smoky flavor unlike any procuitto I've ever tasted. It came with a berry side that went perfectly. My favorite desert is creme brûlée and the best I ever had was at the river cafe. It was a camomile honey, creme brûlée. The menu was different every time we went which is good in some ways but bad in that you can't have your favorite again. This is a perfect date restaurant.Such a wonderful place to dine (especially for brunch). Being in the middle of the park, surrounded by the trees, river & beautiful scenery is enough on its own! But aside from the wonderful ambiance, the restaurant is lovely. Very cozy yet Canadian chic. 

The service was wonderful and the ingredients used for the meal were extremely fresh and well cooked. Definitely recommend!One of our favourite spots in Calgary. The food is truly local and imaginative, service is impeccable, and the location is one of a kind. We've been impressed every time and always look forward to our next visit.I went here for my birthday. I ordered the Fish and Game Board and it gives you a selection of different meats. The environment was very soothing. Would recommend and visit again.Love this place. I've been at least 10 times in the past few years. I love the walk out to the restaurant on Prince's Island Park (well, when it colder than -20, not so much). Love the Canadian island atmosphere. Love the view of the city. But I especially love the food - tasty interpretation of traditional foods done really well. River Cafe is pricey but for me the food and the atmosphere definitely make it worth it. Also, they make a great picnic for the nearby Shakespeare in the Park.The perfect blend of river city view, wonderful food and a courteous and professional staff. We were fortunate to be out on the patio on a perfect summer evening, but they do have plenty of propane heaters and the view is very nice.  Nice casual dress is appropriate, although a formal dinner would work here too.  Pricey, but the fresh and creative menu is certainly worth the cost. Park or walk over the bridge from downtown. Lovely.I am writing this review for you out of towners, becaue I spend a lot of time away from home. Us Calgarians already know this place is good.
The Chef,  Mr. Andrew Winfield is a serious professional and he knows what he is doing, and his staff know that they are doing.
In my opinion this is the best resturant in the world.
The food and the drinks are amazing.After a long hiatus because of the flooding at Prince's Island, my husband and I came here to attend a friend's wedding and dinner reception this past weekend.   We (and all the other guests) were greeted warmly by four servers at the door who were offering glasses of homemade lemonade and wine.  
     After the wedding ceremony on the patio, there was a raw oyster bar set up on the patio (which was not really my thing) and a huge fish and game board (bison prosciutto, pate, buffalo mozzarella, smoked trout, flatbreads).  The servers were also offering the guests wild boar meatball and gougere sliders (the boar was sooo juicy!), sausage with peach skewers (great combination), and halibut croquettes (flavorful with just the right amount of crunch).
   
Heirloom roasted tomato soup:  sweet and just the right temperature when it arrived at our table of ten.
My salad was lightly seasoned and very tasty.  The crunch from the homemade cracker was a good contrast to the leafy greens.
The seared Haida halibut with beets, corn, shaved fennel and chanterelles in a white bean puree was cooked to perfection.  The halibut was melting in your mouth and the vegetables and mushrooms complemented the fish perfectly.
The panna cotta was amazingly light and the sliced plums, chocolate bark and oatmeal (unusual garnish, but it worked) on top was a perfect match.  

We were extremely impressed with how the kitchen staff and the servers performed before, during, and after service (there were around 75 guests). The kitchen even went out of their way to create a vegetarian appetizer and main course for a guest who was sitting at our table.
Our servers were attentive enough to describe each course as it came to our table and also took the time to check on how we liked our main courses.  Our wine and water glasses were constantly being filled and we were also promptly given coffee and/or tea after dessert.

River Cafe, you are better than ever before!It's certainly expensive and not always beyond astonishing service. However, that being said I've also had amazing service at river cafe. The simple truth is, though, that it's amazing food that's very well made and thought up. Worth the splurge.Breakfast was so delicious and creative. I really admire the chef , his braveness and talent. I also liked the service and servers. I ll definitely will go there again whenever I go to Calgary.
Don't miss the river view in river cafe.Make a reservation. You will need to park across the river and walk onto the island. The atmosphere is straight out of a wintry wonderland. The food is excellent. We had the pear flat bread and it was amazing. My favorite is the squash gnocchi. The burgers are huge, juicy and tasty!I was lucky enough to be taken to River Cafe on my birthday.  It was a wonderful birthday lunch with delicious food and a gorgeous setting.  They have a lovely patio which lets you really enjoy all the beauty of Prince's Island Park.  The inside is just as nice as the outside and has the perfect ambiance for this upscale restaurant.

The staff members are all very professional and meet the standards of this posh restaurant.  The service is fast and memorable.  Our waiter was patient with us while we made our decisions and even made a few recommendations for us obvious newbie's!

I don't think I would visit here on a regular basis, but was happy to be taken on my birthday.  River Cafe seems to be a place for special occasions... or for the rich.  Their menu items are actually quite pricey.  That being said, they quality of food meets its price.  It's delicious and different.  I enjoyed a platter of many different meats including salmon and rabbit.  I was unsure about the rabbit at first, but it was actually quite tasty, and I would definitely try it again!

River Cafe is a great way to spend an afternoon.  It meets the expectations of a high class restaurant, but is sure to put a dent in your bank account.My wife and I have been to the River Café many times for special occasions (anniversaries, birthdays, etc).  For several years this restaurant has been one of our go-to places for a nice meal.  Unfortunately a recent experience has changed our opinion of the River Café.

We decided it would be a great idea to order one of the River Cafe's picnic baskets and have a picnic lunch in Prince's Island Park.  We ordered a day in advance (as required by the restaurant), and picked up our picnic basket a little after noon the following day.  We found a bench in the park and started in on our lunch (the food was great - I'll give credit where credit is due).  Unfortunately about 10 minutes after we sat down in the park, the weather took a turn.  The clouds rolled in, the wind picked up, and it got downright cold.  Not Calgary winter cold, but cold and windy enough that you wouldn't want to be sitting outside to eat your lunch.  We promptly packed up and headed back to the restaurant to ask if we could sit down at a table inside to enjoy the rest of our lunch.  I was shocked when we were told that we were not allowed in the restaurant.  We were told "picnic baskets are for take-out only".

If the restaurant had been full, I would have completely understood.  I estimate that the place was 20% full - there were plenty of empty tables, and the lunch rush was over by this time.  I also understand that having a picnic basket sitting on a table doesn't exactly scream "high-end restaurant", and that they are trying to uphold a certain image.  This seemed to be the main sticking point for them.  To resolve this, I asked if they could simply take the picnic basket to the kitchen and plate the food.  This seemed like an easy fix - arrange the food nicely on a couple plates, and the restaurant doesn't have to worry about an unsightly picnic basket on their table.  Furthermore, their customers get to stay warm and eat in comfort.  I was told this wouldn't be possible.

Needless to say we left the River Café absolutely fuming.  I understand that the picnic baskets are meant to be a take-out lunch, but management should use common sense when enforcing their policies around this program.  When a customer pays $70 for a take-out lunch and asks to come inside when the weather turns, they should be welcomed into the restaurant if there are available tables.

This whole experience has completely ruined our impression of the River Café.  We won't be back.3 of us went for brunch ($90 with tip) and it was really nice.  The location is beautiful, it has a rustic feel like a cabin in the woods.  The service was good.  We each had something different, I had a fritata which was served with squash and chantrelle mushrooms on the side...I have to say I wasn't crazy about the mushrooms and the squash seemed quite basic.  I ordered a side of hashbrowns, they were very tasty but just barely warm.  My husband had the eggs benny with heirloom tomatoes and said they were good, but he wasn't very impressed with the house made ketchup.  My daughter had french toast, I think it had white chocolate and stewed plums...I had a taste and it was delicious!  However she did say that by the end the sweet factor was a bit much.  She also ordered a side of turkey sausage which was very good, but I was suprised to see that it was only one sausage.  I would like to try the River Cafe again, but I have to say that there is just something about being charged for water that really offends me.  Oh well...Creative culinary options, great service, and a setting that transports.  This must be a special occasion spot for locals as I'd be shocked to see this price point draw in the masses.  The walk here in itself is a great opening to a wonderful evening of dining.Took some USA guests to River Cafe on their last day, because I felt it was one of the more unique restaurants that showcase CALGARY! A cafe on an island, surrounded by the river--how cool! We sat outside on the patio for brunch. The food is on the pricier side, and the portion sizes are a bit smaller, but the smaller portion sizes stimulate your food craving! You just want more! Everything on the plate is very edible; often fancy restaurants may have garnishes and decoration that aren't very edible or enjoyable, but everything on the plate at River Cafe is always enticing. I also ate here for my friend's wedding, and even their decorative flowers are edible and delicious and nutritious! 

For the brunch day, I ordered the Driview Farms Lamb Meatballs dish. It came with grains, tomatoes, and some other salady veggies. The meatballs were flavourful without being overtly gamey. 

The only limitation I noticed that day was that the service was inconsistent. Our server gave us sparking water without asking our preference, and 3/4 of the table ended up switching to distilled. Also, the service often had long delays in service, and just the server's nonverbals showed some kind of frustration and unease. On the other hand, the server across our table appear fantastic; he was enthusiastic to guests and kneeling down to their level when speaking to them. I just wished that our guest service at our table matched the calibre of the food we ate!Ok, I'd like to give this place a better review.  Hell, for awhile, this WAS my go-impress-the-gal resto that I would bring a first date to as my way of impressing her.  One of my co-workers actually created the memorable ad campaign that River Cafe has used for the last 8 years.  It's still one of the better places to go for wild game cuisine, and it's well rated for the food.  Boar and Bison figure highly in the menu, and it's imaginative and unique. The wine selection is absolutely wonderful and various, but more importantly, the decor and atmosphere is absolutely romantic and intimate. 

But... while I can see why most people would rate this all as a 4 and 5 star, I just can't.  Food that is supposed to not only wow, shock and awe.  But somehow, it just doesn't have that especial touch that I experienced at Rouge or Charcut.  I'm just not wowed at all as the flavour is decent, but just not dreamy and stunning.  

So I would say this is more of a 3.5 rating, for the place itself, but as I am not overly impressed despite the game meat elements, it's worth it for an good impression I suppose, but not necessarily a stunning one.  The only other resto in town I would say the same about where the environment trumps the food would probably be Sky360 on top of the Calgary Tower.River Café is my go-to place when I want to take someone to a nice meal. Whether it's family and friends or a business meeting it always gets a great response due to it's friendly atmosphere, great food, and awesome location. The food is fantastic. I don't think I've ever had something that I thought was less than mind-blowingly amazing. Would give 6 stars.Appetizers
Smoked albacore tuna with Wildboar prosciutto, apple, citrus gel pumpkin seeds $14. Nice starter with a delicious mix of flavours. 

White Gold Burrata - confit carrots, garlic cream, pickled garlic scape, Crostini $14. Enjoyed by my wife. Confit carrots were especially good. 

Fish and game board -  Bison Breseola, candied salmon, steelhead lox, Wildboar Ciccioli, Bison chorizo, Wild boar prosciutto, Old West ranch buffalo mozzarella, chicken liver pate, Edgar farm asparagus, birch syrup marinated olives, house made crackers $30. Interesting starter but not my favourite. Candied salmon was very good. 

Red lentils hummus - canola seed flatbread, roasted garlic, preserved tomato $14. The flatbread is fluffy similar to Naan bread. My favourite appetizer. The roasted garlic blended nicely with the fresh Hummus. 

Grilled Humboldt squid and pork belly with kimchi Aioli, roast potato $21
The squid was moderate. It goes well with the kimchi aioli. The pork belly was very good. Broccolini was nicely cooked. 

Small Wonder Squash with onion Brulée, Swiss chard, chanterelle and hazelnut $19
My wife thought it was pretty good, but not superb. The hazelnuts were nice. Good flavour to the squash. 

Service
Very good service.  Always attentive and happy to take our photo. 

Value
Fair value for the food or service.WOW let me start by saying I absolutely love this place. I love the little walk through the park I took to get here. I love the outdoor landscaping I love the indoor ambiance. This place is somewhere I would come to chill and I haven't even gotten to the food! 

The food WOW. The chef has taken the time to really express himself through the menu. It's fun to read it's exciting it makes your mouth water. Let me tell you I had a tough time deciding what to get! They have a great deal of local & wild meats on the menu but I decided to go vegetarian. I was not disappointed. I got the Heritage Grain 'Lasagna'. Deconstructed joy, a unique tasty dish packed with flavor. I like mushrooms I like tomatoes I like sorrel. The vegetables really shone in this dish perfectly cooked you can taste each individual flavor. This is nowhere near your typical lasagna (hence the quotation marks). There's no slop of tomato sauce and cheese. This is a very light healthy take on the dish. I really enjoyed it. 

Because I liked my meal so much I decided to get dessert. (I only like really good desserts.) I ordered the Rhubarb and Mint Panna Cotta. Again WOW the presentation was so beautiful I did not want to eat it (but I did). Delicious ! The Panna Cotta was perfectly set, light and creamy. The Rhubarb shone through tangy and sweet & there's was the slightest hint of mint. The hard caramel on top gave the dish a nice textured crunch. 

Please enjoy with all your senses this beautiful place!Horrible experience. Our reservation was at 7:30pm but the table wasn't ready until 8:15pm. They comped our appetizer platter and drinks only after one member of our party suggested they do so. Our wine order took about 20 minutes to arrive to our table from the bar which was 2 feet away... I ordered the organic chicken breast meal. The chicken was delicious BUT the gnochi were burnt and the potatoes that came with the dish were undercooked and rock hard. I mentioned this to our waiter but unfortunately nothing was done about it and I was still charged for the meal. Definitely wouldn't go back.Worst service and food I've had in a long time! Waited at the hostess stand for ages with a wriggling toddler in hand. Waited ages for the waitress to tend the table. Food tasted awful. Over salted cabbage soup, and a "flatbread" that looked like a frozen kids pizza.-coming from a chef.
.... still waiting for the waitress to bring the check... I'll be here...Ambiance is great, location is amazing. It's a lovely bright spot with great food. The service was the only minor drawback. Our server always found a really inopportune moment to come by and repeatedly interrupted us mid-conversation without waiting even a second, making strange remarks on several occasions. It was a bit much. Other than that, it was a very nice meal.  I'm sure that had we had a server with better manners, it would have been a perfect brunch. I would return.Up The River... - River Cafe is perplexing, it has a wonderful location and setting. The cuisine is sometimes innovative and almost always very good. The service, however, is so inconsistent, leaning way more often toward bad than good. The servers there appear aloof and arrogant; as if it's YOUR PRIVILEGE to be SERVED BY THEM. Perhaps it is the uniqueness and solitary honor of being the only restaurant in Prince's Island Park that engenders this deplorable attitude. You'd think they were serving at Tavern On The Green in Central Park. That bastion of NYC dining, however, has even closed, so smarten up River Cafe or you may be headed for the same fate.This is a gorgeous gorgeous restaurant, perhaps the location and the view and the interior are a bit better than the food (some people have noticed that its not FINE DINING but its certainly very very good) and it was our first stop when moving to Calgary because Princes Island Park is the first thing people recommend for a touristy thing (ie a park in the middle of downtown, a nice place to walk in nature surrounded by trees and animals and birds and yet SURROUNDED on both sides by a gorgeous turquoise raging Bow River, and a GREAT view of the city.) In fact we enjoyed it so much we returned the next day for yet another meal. Then I returned a few months later TWICE in a weekend for the incredible Calgary Folk Festival (which you can hear from the balcony for free !) The interior decorating is amazing, its filled with vintage gorgeous wooden canoes (and Im a canoeist from over 40 yrs ago so I really appreciated that) both propped here and there and even hanging from the ceiling. My only problem is that they charge one dollar per glass of TAP WATER. Ive never seen that in my life.......update Oct 14 2018 - came yet again today - our 5th visit in 3 months. Still fabulous. Cold snowy day outside so I'm so happy they have a REAL roaring fireplace - it makes all the difference to the ambiance - our Aussie relatives loved it as well :) Thank u !!!!! PS If you are looking for a restaurant locally; Whatever you do, NEVER go to the Calgary restaurant The Guild. The insane manager literally called the police and tried to put me "under citizens arrest" for accidentally knocking over a glass of wine- see my full review here    https://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-guild-calgaryTonight we had a great dinner at River Cafe.  I had the Tuna Takati & my wife had the Roasted Chicken.  The tuna was superbly prepared. But the chicken was by far the best grilled chicken we have had. Our server described how the chicken is brined, grilled and then roasted. These efforts payoff in a great tasting bird that is very juicy. 
In addition to great food, the service was excellent. If we didn't live 3,000 miles to the SE, we would be weekly patrons.Every morning should start with a brunch breakfast at River Cafe!

A view of the River and located right inside Prince's Island Park. This is just like being in a Cottage resort without even leaving the City.

On Sunny day, be sure requested to be seated in their awesome patio! I made a reservation for 10:15 am so the early bird get to pick where to be seated! And by the time we left, the patio was packed!

Fresh Shucked Oysters
Eggs Benedict with Bison Chorizo with the Best Fingerling Potato
Alberta Trout with Taber Corn, Roast Potato 
Okanagan Pressed Pear Juice

Everything was cooked perfectly. The Trout has nice crispy skin and Bison Chorizo a treat for this out of towner! And their Fingerling Potato was one of the best I tasted!

Highly recommend for brunch/breakfast! Especially if you want to have a taste of Canadian cuisine using local sourced ingredients!I was very disappointed because this has been my go to restaurant for years. Our server was like an angry teacher doing her minimum to get us through. No delight in sharing information about the food. The food was fine as was the wine but certainly not at all a pleasant experience and very poor exchange for the price we paid. I hope this has not become the norm, however I have seen hints of this prior with young service people in huge judgment over the brunch crowd. I had hoped that was different on the more expensive evening meals. apparently, the attitude has taken over the place. Very very sad to see this.I love the location.  Many people don't realize it's also open in the winter.  Definitely try it year round: in the winter it's very cozy with the fireplace roaring.

I love their seasonal menus, and the staff is tip top.  I've gone for full dinners, brunch, lunch, and even just to have a hot chocolate, and all times they've treated me just as well regardless of how little or how much I've spent.

One of my favorite places in Calgary to eat.Great place in the middle of the park.

It's really good for brunch and it's probably a good idea to make a reservation ahead of time, especially for weekend brunches.

the homemade yogurt is really good!I'm not the type of person who would normally write a bad review online (this is my first negative review that I've ever written). However, I felt compelled to write one about River Café after my most recent experience at the restaurant. My fiance and I had made a tradition out of going to River Café for our anniversary. The first two years were excellent, this time not so much. We made a reservation but when we arrived we were told "we don't have a table for you, you can grab a seat at the bar while you wait". There was no apology and after waiting at the bar for 40 minutes, we were finally seated at our table (again with zero apology). We ordered the Chefs tasting menu with wine pairings and what ensued was truly a bizarre dining experience. When you order from the tasting menu, you don't necessarily know what you're going to receive and it's the responsibility of the server to ensure that each dish/wine is explained. We had several different people deliver the food to our table, one of whom was a busser that said "this is the lamb but I don't know what else is with it". During another instance, our server dropped off a glass of wine and said "this is a Chardonnay" with no other descriptor. I'm aware that it might sound snobby but you'd expect the service to be MUCH sharper than this at a restaurant with a reputation like the River Café. As per usual, the food was delicious but it was definitely odd not really knowing what were were eating for large portions of the meal. 

A few days later I sent an email explaining that that our experience was disappointing and asking why the service had missed the mark that night when we'd always had a fabulous time there in the past. I never received a response... I think that's more disappointing than the poor dining experience itself. All of these might seem like small details but it definitely put a damper on our special evening because it felt like we weren't valued as customers. River Café used to be one of our favourite restaurants in Calgary but unfortunately we will not be back.We loved every aspect of our visit to this quaint gem. Exceptional, thoughtful wine list, that is well-laid out. Fantastic food and sharp, yet friendly service. Such a beautiful restaurant in an even more stunning location - this was the highlight of our trip to Alberta. Highly recommended.Quiet this morning despite the folk festivalStrawberry gazpacho soup is goodAfter a long absence because of the flooding, we are here to attend a friend's weddingIt's all about the pink lady apple pieNot happy to ignored by servers - left after 15 minsOn Sundays you can bring your own bottle of wine without having to pay a corkage feeRide your bike on the trails and stop here for lunch.  It's a perfect rest stop.Oysters! Try them out!Make a reso, they are usually packed.Food is always made with fresh, local ingredientsThis is my first trip to Calgary. I'm staying at the Sheraton Suites which is very close to this restaurant. This place is amazing and so good! I don't find Canadian food to be particularly creative but the menu on this place is so unique and good. The trout is great, so many flavors mixed that make it an amazing choice. I also had the rice pudding which is prepared with wild rice. Again, unique and different. This is a must place if you're planning a visit to Prince's Island Park.Whether you are local to Calgary or visiting, this is a very special restaurant that you have to experience. Shelly Smith, it's your attention to detail that makes this place amazing!!!Beautiful. Calgary is winning me over.Save yourself time and money $$$ - go to another restaurant!  ....'Do' enjoy the beautiful Prince Island Park, on your own - without stopping here.Great spot in the park!Make time to walk over from Eau Claire!Go for brunch. They usually have some gluten-free baked goods..Fantastic place to be in!Great restaurant. Awesome atmosphere. Food and wine list were top notch.Everything on the menu is delicious. Locally sourced, fresh, delightful. Great place to visit and have beer and pub food.
They have big long tables, so you will be sharing the table with more people but that might be actually a good opportunity to make new friends.
They have inside and outdoor seating, whatever you feel more comfortable with.
There is a big beer variety, the server will be able to suggest something good for your taste.
I also learned they have buck-a-shuck on Tuesdays, so I'll be going to check them out :)Best beer happy hour period. A REAL pint - 20oz - for $5. Great patio and people watching. How can you go wrong.I had been itching to try this place since it opened, and then i found out they had mini corn dogs, and popcorn on the menu and i was sold. Went on a Wednesday night at 6:30, and it was super packed, but they were able to squeeze us in at the oyster bar, which i honestly didn't mind at all.
 
I ordered the Cesar Salad ( corn dogs will be on my cheat weekends- because i will be coming back!)- Salad was delicious, but FULL of garlic, so if you re going out later and don't want to be stinky, pass on this one. There were huge shavings of parm cheese, and giant chunks of bacon. My GF ordered 3 oysters and our server was nice enough to bring her an extra one for free. She said the oysters were delicious and very fresh tasting. 

Also ordered a few vodka waters, and they were served in mason jars! I LOVE MASON JARS! haha.

The people here were 25-35 crowd, seemed like young professionals. I really liked it, and love their menu options, but our server was very slow, ( so slow to the point where we had to flag him on several occasions) so i do need to knock it down 1 star for that reason.I was very excited to try this establishment out and left very disappointed. It was very busy with all indoor seating full. The patio was open so we sat there and waited and waited and waited and waited. No greeting, no server, no busser to clear the dirty table. As I looked to see if I was missing something, a couple girls sat at the next table informed us we had to order at the bar. There was no service on the patio. So my friend and I went to the bar leaving our ladies to hold the table. After waiting a good 15 min to order a drink and not even being acknowledged by the bar staff, we said screw it and left.

Easily wasted 45 min here and got nothing out of it. Went next door to the Ship and got a table, got beers and lunch all inside an hour.

I guess I will likely give National a try again but WOW what a let down! !Came in for a pre-game drink and light dinner, and we weren't disappointed. While the menu is a bit pricey, the Sunday specials made it well within reason (half-price apps and $6 pints). 

Beer selection was massive - about 100 on tap - and the two dishes we had were great. The traditional poutine was one of the best we've ever had, and very rich. The sliders were also fantastic, and I'd highly recommend that combo to anyone. 

Service was good too, and I'd return for sure.Showed up on time to our bowling time slot and was not allowed in due to capacity? They had our names on the list but wasn't able to let us in? Ridiculous. I thought that was the whole reason that they took names... to ensure that they are accounting for overcapacity. SMHIt was all good till my main meal came out and then it made a re-appearance later that night.

I'm all for food but when food makes me sick I'm not a happy lady. I'm still giving it a 3 because I did have fun up until I bit into my still beating burger. It tasted raw it smelled raw and it was barely warm. Oh and it was turkey not typically something you get food poisoning from but hey cross contamination mixed with lack of being cooked through I'm going with the burger.

We did get wings, jalapeno poppers and deep fried pickles but as everyone in my group shared and I was the only person who got sick. (lucky me!) So, my vote is on the burger. Anyway enough about the stupid burger. Beer selection was meh. I was really hoping for some different beers on the menu but it came pretty standard and then it was missing some beer essential players. So okay I'm picky... but really I couldn't get Guinness (BOO ON YOU)

Deep fried pickles were amazing! Actually the starters were all really good.
That's all I can remember. I had fun, then I didn't, then I went home, then I was sick. Cool.Ok so it has beer. On a cool sign. there are others that have done that with out the sign. 

Food- pedestrian at best, frozen diner at worst. the truth as always lies somewhere in between.  

Really expensive for what you get- london, or nyc pricing has nothing on this place for price. 


What calgary does, what calgary does best is make everywhere else look awesome. Especially with the food, the National enforces this natural order of mediocrity well.All Aboard!! Jump on the bandwagon and pony up to the bar on the National Express. This train of draft and debauchery is departing 7 days a week - and is always a good time! 

From raucous good convos with complete strangers you meet at the German style beerhall tables, to the glorious patio, this place has got it all. So take a gander at the flickering list of brews on the numerous boards, order some tasty treats like the tater-tots, duck nuggets or beer cheese spread & pretzel bread, and prepare to have a grand 'ol time! 

I can't wait to pop in for a Buck-A-Shuck night next time (I believe that's on Tuesday).Had a bite to eat, with the Bootcamp Breakfast Club Team, on the patio this afternoon, after the X-Warrior competition at the Saddledome. Courteous staff, wide selection of beer, great selection of food and outstanding service during a very busy time of day. Our meals were all delivered at the same time. Salads were fresh, meats were well done, the fries and potato fritters were delicious. The only critique were the Clive burgers. The patties were dry and tasteless.Sat on the patio today & had a great experience! Loved the fact that the picnic tables are community so you can grab a seat at the end of any table & still feel comfortable. Service was fast & friendly with lots of advice on how to modify the menu to your liking. Would consider this place to anyone.Too expensive!  And closed on Mondays!

My waitress actually screwed up my beer order.  My friend got my beer and I got his.  And she would not replace my good scotch beer.  Although she would give me a sampler of the original beer I had ordered, she would not replace my beer!

This bar is brighter than the ship, but the food is about 40% higher at the National than at the Ship and higher than Sal's across the street (however, if Sal's is charging cover, the food  probably costs the same.)

I'm not likely to go back, except to buy just that Scotch beer on the menu for $9.   But that's probably it.I am a big fan of National happy hour specials! It's a great place to enjoy a flight of beer to taste test the vast variety of brews. And to enjoy buck a shuck specials!Easily the best bar so far in Calgary. The concept is awesome. Love that train ticker with the beer selection. It's simply a memorable place. Not sure what the crowd is like on the weekends, but it seems like a mix of suits and locals. Haven't tried the food, but it's only a matter of time.This location is much smaller compared to the one on 10th.

They have a great beer selection. This is a great place to start the night off. It's not so great if you feel like dancing or hanging out for a while since there's not much sitting space, and not much else to do other than watching a game on TV.

The servers were pretty good considering how busy the place is.

Overall, a decent bar.Good selection but could use some more stouts and porters.  They had some weak beer and would be better of serving more craft brews.Great special. Can be very busy on a nice day on the weekend. All the food has been good so far. Beer specials are good too bThe breadth of the beer selection is impressive! This beer hall has decent food and is well suited to socializing either with friends or neighbouring patrons. The patio is great for people watching as well!I did lots and lots of research on where I should go while visiting Calgary. National did not come up on any of those lists. I passed by National while walking around 17th, and thought it was as great space. I decided to give it a try. I walked in and was blown away by the German Style, open table/space concept. They had TONS of beers on tap with some tv screens displaying what beers they had and where they were from. 

I sat at the bar, and the breakfast poutine was highly recommended by someone sitting next to me. Glad I ordered it! It had great vegetables, tater tots, cheese curds and some really good gravy, all topped with a fried egg. it was very very good! The only thing that it was lacking (and this is just a personal preference of mine) was some spicy. Luckily, they had tons of hot sauces to choose from!I want to like this place. I really do. 

But the service sucks. 

I could deal with the pricey menu if the service was passable. The food is delicious, the beer list is impressive, and the mixed drinks (especially their Pimm's cup) are fantastic. Not to mention their location is primo.

I've been here a number of times and not once can I say I have received adequate service. This most recent experience prompted me to write this review. The waitress more or less ignored half of our party, and the number of times she came to our table were few and far between. On top of that, they had the audacity to include a 19% or 20% gratuity on our bill without any indication prior to ordering. This pretty much guarantees that I will not return. If an auto-gratuity is going to be required, at least give service that is worthy of that much money.Don't order the fish and chips, the fish was mushy and the chips were sub par.  My husbands pepperoni and mushroom flatbread was greasy. Beer and selection was good. It is a blue collar style of pub with fair prices but with all the places to go in Calgary I doubt that we will give it a return visit.I went to 17th ave this afternoon with a friend with the intent of trying out a place we have never been to before. We came across The National. Great atmosphere with big windows and rustic decor. A very enjoyable place to people watch. 

I ordered a beer and their burger and we shared a poutine. 

They had a ton of beers which seemed to be a great selection. I am not a beer person but I was hoping to have a Richards White but they didnt have it. But our waitress had a great recommendation for me anyway! 

Their burger was fine but in all honesty nothing special or memorable except for the big price tag of $13, not including any extras like cheese or bacon. The waitress asked how we wanted our burger cooked and we had it medium well and it was cooked wonderfully. They do grind their meat fresh, however this was not enough to deliver an incredible burger. In fact the tomatoes were cut too thick and for some reason I couldn't seem to bite through the lettuce, which was really weird! I kept yanking the whole lettuce out of the bun with every bite. Annoying!! 2.5 stars for the burger! 

For $10 you can buy their really incredibly delicious poutine! YUM. The cheese and the gravy was fab and not too salty but flavorful and it looked as though there was some finely ground pepper on it, but I didn't really taste pepper. I give the poutine 5 stars! Yum! the best poutine I've had in Calgary so far!It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.

I went to the new National pub with some ex-coworkers for lunch. It's right beside the Ship & Anchor, which I thought was a pretty bold move. But as another reviewer pointed out, the Ship is always full so might as well be there to capitalize on those extra people and carve out a name for yourself.

The best of times:
- The space is just beautiful. It's got floor to ceiling windows and wraps around the corner onto 5 St. Tons of light. There is a nice large outdoor wrap around patio, with south and west exposure. There is a long wraparound bar on the inside, as well as big communal seating in the middle. It sort of reminds me of Wurst, except upstairs and with natural light. It's very inviting. The decor is kind of farmhouse-chic, it reminds me of the restaurant Farm. There is a large oyster bar which caught my eye.

- The beer menu is extensive and delicious, with a large number of rotating seasonal beers. 

- I had the Pulled Maple Hill Chicken sandwich with a side-order of fries. It was very tasty, on fresh ciabatta. Good flavour. The menu didn't look overwhelming and had a number of appealing options.

The worst of times:
- The service was *really* bad. I will grant that there were about 10 of us, so I guess it can be hard to coordinate that logistically. My beer didn't come out for a good 20 mins. Lunch didn't come out for close to an hour.

- The waitress messed up our bills, putting some of my items on another person's bill. This is despite the numbers carved into the table, so the wait staff knows who ordered what.

- Very expensive. My pulled chicken sandwich was $14, and only comes with the sandwich. To get fries with the sandwich, I had to pay $3 for a tiny side of fries in a cup. $17 is just too much for that. The beer was expensive too, 8.5 for an imperial pint. These are in unfortunate contrast to the Ship, where both the food and the beer are reasonably priced and delicious.

I'm hoping National can iron out some of these kinks because I really liked the space. I'm definitely going to give it another shot.Ah National - I still remember how excited we were to find out a craft beer bar was opening just a block & a half away. Then I remember the acute disappointment we felt when we discovered that knowledgeable beer fans were not National's target market. Who is National on 17th's target customer? Well, let's just say that the real reason Melrose Cafe had to close was that, surprisingly, there is not an infinite supply of douche bags on the Red Mile, & Melrose couldn't survive on National's leftovers. 

But anyway, let's just skip over the early days of finding NO vegetarian meals on the menu (and finding nothing that wasn't a saturated fat bomb), the times we ran dry for ages without service, the times the staff knew nothing about the beers on tap, & even the time we thought would give them one more try & ended up with poutine without curds (& then when they finally brought me proper poutine when my partner was almost finished his meal, they ended up charging me twice!)

Yes, I've decided to forget all that because almost a year after what we thought would be our final visit, my partner & I started chatting with a guy at the Ship one night who commiserated with us on our bad National experiences, then said he was their new manager. 

Jason & I really love craft beer, & apparently you have to be absolutely appalling for us to never return. We decided to give National one more try. 

Good news! It has improved, somewhat. I haven't had a serious service issue in 2014, although we did run dry a few times (but nothing severe). 

Food has improved for vegetarians. The mac & cheese is very yummy, and is so large I had to take half home with me. The menu does vary, though, so you never know how many vegetarian offerings will be available.  

Last visit I had something called the "GLORY BOWL" described as "tofu, pea shoots, pumpkin seeds, sesame seeds, tahini dressing, brown rice". I asked the server if there were other vegetables in there (as that sounded a bit lean) & she assured me there were others, & mentioned carrots. So I ordered. But what she didn't mention was beets. I detest beets, as I am not fond of the taste of dirt. (I know the proper foody phrase is "earthy" but c'mon, dirt is dirt) 

If you are going to add beets to a dish, you need to mention it! Diners need to know that if they want to stir their food to blend the flavours, one dirt-tasting ingredient is going to bleed all over the rest of the meal in the colour of bad '80s lipstick. You can't just surprise them with that! Still, the tahini sauce was not bad - you might like this if you like beets. 

The beer is still excellent. The on screen menu done as a train station schedule is interesting but hard to read & often not accurate; I usually just stick to the paper menus. Those screens change to tvs during live sporting events. Currently they only serve North American craft brews - limits them somewhat, but on the other hand you don't catch them padding their numbers with crappy beers from anywhere (looking at you, Craft Beer Market). National on 17th wins my award for best lengthy tap list in the city at the moment. 

Accessibility - yes, although the main seating is long picnic tables which I honestly find difficult to navigate with a cane. There are also tables with free standing chairs which would definitely work best for wheelchairs. Bathrooms are out the hall on the main floor & I believe they are wheelchair accessible (will check & update next time I visit)

Good patio around the corner of 17th Ave & 5th St SW. They also have heaters for cooler nights. Shaw Open is available for Shaw customers; otherwise there is no wifi. 

I am putting this on my Vegetarian Friendly in the Beltline List for now but I may have to remove it depending on how the menu changes in the future. I may also have to update this review to more stars if my 2014 experience continues, but at the moment I am still wary after being burned so many times.This location is not up to the standards of the others in the city. We've been here twice, and that's enough. One thing I will never understand is a server who forgets about a table who has no beer. Beer is a great way to drive revenue at your pub, hence most servers come by before you're even done. This one forgot about us for lengths at a time, on a day where it was very quiet in the restaurant. 

We had a few friends who ordered food. Two were forgotten, one got the wrong order, and the other was charged for something complete different than what they received. One of the two that never got their food (1 hour wait) just cancelled, the other said she'd still take it but just bring it to go as we wanted to just leave. Of course, it was not brought to-go. At this point the situation was just funny. More of a cringey nightmare than anything.

In summary: Forgot orders, brought the wrong orders, ignored requests, overcharged, forgot about the table, and then still wanted to point out to us that "that doesn't cover the tip". Right. Not going back here. Extremely poor management. 

We should all demand more out of our pubs!The food was great, but the service wasn't. Our waitress was never around and took forever to bring out our drinks and the restaurant wasn't even busy. She also charged us for 4 alcoholic drinks, so they were expensive, that we didn't order. On top of that, she put an automatic tip onto our bill without telling any of us. We would have been fine with it if she had warned us about it, but it felt like a bit of a con because we got bad service and were forced to unknowingly tip 15%. Some of us realized too late that she had put the automatic tip on, so they tipped her on top of it, unfortunately.  
The food was really good though. I had the 3 mini burgers and a side of salad and was very happy with it.The National beer hall brand has expanded significantly in the last couple of years in the city serving good quality food and drinks. This is my go to place for $1 oysters, however, recently the quality of the oysters and the shucking haven't been the greatest. But when you are paying $1 I don't really expect them to offer the world to me. Still, they offer east and west with all the accoutrements with a LARGE selection of beers, ciders, IPA etc.

Definitely a good place to hit up with friends and people watch on 17thI have a love hate relationship with this place. It was waaay better when it first opened. They used to have the best fish tacos in the city. Super fresh and not deep fried. But recently was back there and the fish tacos are now battered and fried :( I also don't like that the cocktails come in these teenie tiny minuscule cups. The wine portions are pretty brutal for a $12 glass of cab. If you love beer and burgers, this place would be right up your alley.Went there mid week for a bite after work.  Luckily I was there for the $1 oyster night. The bar was not busy so the service was fast and efficient. The bartender really pointed me in the right beer direction. It is nice to have some samples before you commit to a pint. I also ordered the burger.  It was clear that the beef was fresh. I really enjoyed it. All in all the service and food were excellent.If the walls of this place could speak they would yell "Douche bags ahoy!" Then peel themselves off the building and join you at the Ship next door.

The National is everything I hate about Toronto condensed and magnified through that distorted mirror image of a business trying to appeal to a crowd that doesn't live there.

Let's look at the facts;

- Decent selection of beer but the "stock ticker" style board is a pain in the ass to read because of how often it changes.

- Music so loud and bad that I honestly can't remember what was playing because my brain is trying to spare me from the painful memories.

- Rude/indifferent wait staff that weren't really concerned with a table of ten for some even though we drank (possibly too much) and ordered food.

- More Affliction t-shirts than a UFC fight in Vegas.

- Tiny bathrooms for a place that looks like it has a capacity of well over 200.

- Mediocre food with mismatched pricing. Pub food should be cheap, unless it's bad. This place had the double wammy; bland food that was too expensive.

Conclusion;
The good people of Calgary need a better beer hall. The expectation has been set so low that the National comes off as attractive.Cool concept, but the food I ordered (chicken club) was horrible. It had great potential and I didn't think a club could falter. But when it arrived it was a pulled chicken looking sandwich with chucks of fatty bacon and cheese. It was super salty and super disappointing. I couldn't even eat the whole sandwich. The atmosphere was very loud and our service was just ok.I went here for their NYE party and was extremely disappointed. For $50 I spent most of the night in a nearly empty bar with music that was deafening so I couldn't even carry a conversation with my friends. They served free food which was good, and had beer samples. But nothing else promised was there.

I was there with 6 people at a table and we were constantly passed by, when hats were given out, and more to my dismay when they were giving out champagne for the countdown. They walked right by ignoring is and gave us nothing, although our servers were constantly preoccupied by their own friends and boyfriends. They forgot to pay attention to the clients who paid $50 to be there.

To top the night off, after 10 they began letting people in for regular cover charge, so they received everything we did and we paid 5X the amount. 

Not impressed.Very lively during happy hour. I love the patio spot facing sunset. Best place to hang out with friends!Sunny Saturday on the patio!

Excellent beer selection. Love the nibblies! We had deep fried pickles, and tater tots to complement our Rogue beers. Delish. I also had a small clam chowder, which was creamy and yum, but a bit thin for my liking. I love a chunky chowder. The food that was coming out around us looked delicious, albeit a bit pricey for the portions.

Our server was pretty good, wait time was fine. Thought the patio was a bit cramped though. We sat at a two-top, and you had to sit sideways to eat. Meh. Next time we will sit inside, cause it looked fabulous and open. Beautiful decor.Hit up National on a busy, jam packed Friday night. Place is huge and they have long communal tables for people to eat and meet each other. They also have a ping pong table and two foosball tables in the back! For free - WHAT.

Anyways, I met up with my sis and a few of her friends and they ordered a couple things:

- Fish tacos ($16) - grilled fish with cabbage, pico de gallo, coleslaw and fries. These were fresh and my sis really liked everything.
- Traditional poutine ($10) - comes with chicken gravy dips and fresh curds on your poutine. I'm not a big poutine fan but they were your average poutine you get in good 'ol Alberta.
- National cobb salad ($16) - crab (fake crab that is), bacon, egg, avocado, radish, tomato and blue cheese dressing. So the story is we actually ordered  roaster beet  and arugula salad but our waitress brought out the wrong one. Place was way too busy so we didn't get it changed (first mistake). The salad was BAD. Blue cheese dressing was overpowering and worst of all, it was smothered in so much dressing that it made the salad unbearable to eat. Yuck, yuck, yuck.

So lesson learned - don't get the salad, stick with the tacos looked good. I cleraly took one for the team by eating that salad. Stick to drinking here and I think you'll be fine.Scotch eggs. The moment I heard that National had scotch eggs, with soft yolks, I knew that this place was worth checking out. Right next to the Ship & Anchor, National is yet another jewel in the crown for Calgary's famous strip. So what sets National apart from other bars and eateries on 17th Avenue? 

How about the food? The first thing I noticed when I first heard of this place was that the Scotch eggs were served hot with a soft yolk. By simply changing this one detail, the whole experience of eating a Scotch egg is transformed. Simplicity, common sense and imagination take a traditionally common food item, which is normally eaten cold with a hard boiled egg and transform it into something extraordinary and pleasurable.

It was also a pleasant surprise to learn that the burgers at National are made with house ground beef, which is hand chopped. This extra step in quality not only ensures the freshness of the finished product, but also gives the diner a rare opportunity, or should I say 'medium rare'. Yes, it's not often that you can order a burger these days that's medium rare, but here you can, and I can honestly say it's been too long. 

The 'thrice-cooked' fries are crisp and fresh, delicately salted and very good on their own. The fact that they are 'thrice cooked' is awesome considering that many places don't even cook their fries twice.

The Roasted Chicken Club was a very generous serving of very flavourful white and dark meat in a ciabatta bun, topped with a spicy sriracha mayo, cheese and sliced pickle. The mayo has a nice, but not too overwhelming kick that complements the taste of the meat. If you're not a burger fan, this one is definitely a good alternative. If you have a light appetite, it's perfect for sharing.

Also a nice notable detail in both sandwiches was the immense quarter slice of dill pickle. I love pickles on the side and these are nice and big.

The drink selection here is very good, featuring a vast menu of beers, local and beyond. Cocktails, I didn't have the opportunity to sample on this visit, but seemed to be popular as well. 

The space is large, open concept with lots of seating, including a large amount of communal tables in the center of the space, perfect for people watching. If you want to catch the game, there are a line of TVs lining the length of the huge bar. Decor is rustic, but clean and contemporary. I find that it's comfortable, inviting and the perfect place to chill out.

Next time you're in the neighbourhood, be sure to check out National, try a Scotch egg and have a great time.Excellent selection of beer on tap.  I usually sit at the bar as the bartenders seem to know thier beer.  The food is good and fresh however the menu really doesnt appeal to myself.  A definite place to stop in for a few pints or flight on the night out on 17th ave.Replacing the old, dark, once very popular Mercury Lounge, National brings in a bright, inviting new space to 17th Ave. This beer hall boasts a variety of seating arrangements with beautiful interior finishings. I was impressed with the way they made use of the space. They have lots of bar seating, group tables, and communal bench seating in the middle with numbers etched in each spot so that the wait staff knows where the food order goes. They have a decent variety of beers on the menu. I couldn't try many since I had to work the next morning, but I'll definitely come back because they have an eclectic list. The beer menu is organized by draughts and bottles, and then types such as "crisp and clean," and "red and hoppy," to steer non-beer connoisseurs in the right direction. Of course, they have options for non-beer drinkers too such as litre sized mason jars full of cocktails. Among the lists of beers, they have Rotational Selections which are written on the chalk boards and, obviously, rotated. I tried a Rotational Selection - the Rogue Irish Lager. It wasn't awesome... kind of tasted like feet. But that's okay, because there are probably better beers on the menu! You also get to pick the sizes: 14 oz, 20oz, Steins, and Flights.

They also offer salty snacks, a raw bar, sharing plates, burgers and sandwiches, a sweet menu, etc. It seems like a lot, but it wasn't an overwhelming menu. It felt like a decent selection without being redundant. I ordered the 2 bite corn dogs. They were made with yummy smokies and served with mustard and some kind of mayo dip (I think). It was delicious! I think three mini corn dogs was probably too much, but it would have been perfect to share with two other friends.

I had a great first experience. Since it's only a few blocks away from my new place and owned by a friend's cousin, I'll definitely be there a lot. Unfortunately, I can't give it a 5 stars yet because they need to earn it, but I am very happy to give it a solid 4 star rating! Yay, National!Pretty good place to eat and drink. Had the chicken burger which was really good. Service was ok. Wasn't a big fan of the cafeteria style seating but we had our own table which was nice. Overall a pretty good experience.An excellent selection of pints is what you'll find here. If you want to check out a new brew the possibilities are enormous. If beer isn't your thing, don't worry, they serve up a great cocktail. The food is like something your talented Mom made and can satisfy an appetite. The communal seating inside can make for great conversation. Be sure to visit in the summer and take a seat on the patio for all the people watching you enjoy.One of the best patios on 17th.  Great breakfast and lot's of interesting lunch choices.   Plenty of beer.  Good times

Duck Poutine 3/5
Poutine 3/5
Scotch Egg 3/5
Big Breakfast 4.5/5Hit up the National if you want great beer and decent food at an average price.

The National is a quite loud beer hall with big long bench style seating as well as a few smaller tables with chairs. We started out our meal with the jalapeno fritters and the soft pretzels. The jalapeno fritters came with 5 medium sized fritters with a side of dip. I really enjoyed the fritters as the separation between with the fritter flavor and the jalapeno flavors were obvious and still worked well together. I enjoyed the soft pretzel more, however, as I will always be a huge fan of soft pretzels. The pretzels at the national were about the size of my palm and were slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was salted quite well and served with some type of butter that I found to be quite good. The pickles and pickled onions that were served alongside the pretzels were nice as well.

Next up were the main courses. I ordered the prime rib. The first impression I had was awe at the size of the portion of meat I received. The beef slab was served on top of a bed of potatoes, carrots, and beets. There was also a large Yorkshire pudding on the plate. I was disappointed that there was no gravy with the dish, so I would suggest ordering that. Also I was surprised at how cold my meat had gotten by the time it was served to me. If you're going to serve that size of prime rib, please look into getting better/more spicy horseradish! The Yorkshire would have been better with gravy and the vegetables were good. Overall the meal was still above average but you have to pay for that serving size. I also enjoyed the drinks I was served and we received good service all night, about the level you would expect. 

Overall, the National is good place to grab some beers or dinner if you don't mind the noise and select menu.I just didn't like it here, the space was uncomfortable. I like the community seating but i felt that it was a bit contrived here.  Maybe because the rest of the place is so pristine, overall not what i look for in a restaurant/bar/wannabe-brewhaus.

Beer list is goodNow this is a spot for people watching, beer drinking and getting your grub on!

I do the first and second on my first trip here.
Being an out-of-towner this was a fun place to enjoy a cold beverage while chatting with a co-worker and getting to feel like I was out in it, and a part of the town.  This feels like a hardcore local spot and I am glad it's so inviting at the same time.

The beer selection was great, and we even got our table neighbors extra fries that they mysteriously had show up at their table, and more mysteriously decided to give to us!  Yes!

Next time I'm on the 'Red Mile' I'll want to come back for sure.Great service, fantastic food, huge beer selection OVER PRICED

I live across the street so was stoked to find a new watering hole that wasn't the ship...that place is growing tiredsome to me. It's super trendy, the decor is great, floor to ceiling windows lots of light, great ambiance. 

The server we had (I want to say Amber??) she was awesome, she had a little cheat sheet with the beers that helped her describe over 100 of them. She was friendly and personable. The only thing she didn't mention (which I noticed on other people's reviews this wasn't an issue) she didn't ask us how we wanted our burger done and assumed med rare...eeeekk!! I like my steak that way but prefer my burgers well done. When I brought it up to her she did explain they grind their meat in house and offered to remake it (she genuinely wanted me to have a good burger rather than roll her eyes and be upset about it)...I hate taking food back but in this case I just couldn't eat a raw burger. I almost lost my appetite but glad I didn't because the burger was AWESOME!! However...the price tag was about $17 after I added bacon and cheese with no side...ouch!

The beer is amazing...great selection and lot of things to try if you are a beer enthusiast...they have sample platters (great presentation) for the beer if you'd like to try a few. Again the beer is about $8.5/pint a bit pricey in my mind and I live on 17th ave. I'd say it's like Wurst and Craft combined...I"ll go to National here and there, but it's steep prices don't enable me to be a regular there :(Checked out National on 17th Ave for the first time on St. Patrick's Day. We called only a couple hours ahead and made a reservation for 8 and they fit us in no problem. Our server was great and even though she was run off her feet, she still made an effort to chat with us whenever she swung by our table.

Beer selection was impressive and they had a wonderful organic lager on special, rather than the usual Bud or Bud Light.

I ordered the Glory Bowl, perfectly cooked veggies and large pieces of tofu. However, it was a tad pricey for the serving size, which is why I don't give National a full five stars. 

Will definitely return, maybe on half priced appies night!I am classically disappointed with the situation of this bar. The feeling is a pub that is fun for the successful, but in order to maintain this status, they disallow hats or torn jeans or other unacceptable clothing. Generally I wouldn't have any issues with this, but you have to see the precident they are trying to set when you first enter!  I laughed out loud when I saw the door staff wearing jeans and a hoodie, telling the guy in front of me in line that his factory-torn True Religion Jeans were not allowed in.

They have a fantastic bar selection and lots on tap. Too bad the staff have an issue over what you wear. I wore a hat on my visit as I was going on the patio, however that is not allowed.  The idea of a hat is to protect from the sun, and not to reflect your affluence.I am only reviewing from my one super lame experience at National, be forewarned.

But for reals, we arrived on a Wednesday night and no one was at the door to greet us. We were finally seated at a giant table that we "shared" with someone else and waited 20 minutes for a server to attend to us, and after trying all we could to flag someone, we just left. 

The hostess now at the door didn't even acknowledge us as we left.Communal seating in the land of douche bag and baggets? Yeah...no thanks! Walked out of this place and went next door to the ship.Alright, National. You're up for review! 

National is... well, kind of weird. But I like it. What do I think is weird about it? When you have menu items like corn dogs and tater tots on the menu alongside your fancy-pants beer selection, frankly, I find that a little weird. But I like your two bite corn dogs, so, I'm not complaining. Just calling you a little out of the ordinary. Maybe that's why we're getting along so far. 

The other "out-of-the-ordinary" menu items I'm on board with:
- beer cheese and pretzel bread
- duck poutine
- fried mars bar

I like your big windows and your patio, though we need to add at least another kilometre worth of patio space in this city in general. Whenever a place has a good sunny spot, it's bound to be packed no matter what! 

I also like that you've got the beer menu printed at each table. Though you've got the big beer board up behind the bar, it's hard to see that far when you're sitting across the room (or maybe it's time for me to go see an optometrist!). So good thinking on having it at the tables for us!

Some people say your food and beer are a bit expensive for what they're getting. I don't find you out of price line with other spots in town. 

Now... about that private party room in the back?!?

Things to consider: Most tables are long bench seating. Expect to share!

Specials: Tuesdays, $1 oysters!Great happy hour (3-6). Met a gf for drinks Monday during happy hour. We enjoyed the discounted tacos and I had a fabulous margarita blended drink that was on special for $7 normally $13. Def recommend the patio. Can't wait to go again.It is next to the ship and anchor.  Why would you go to to the National?? Well if the lineup at the ship is too long then ok , go to the national otherwise, what we're you thinking!!!I should have came here first before going to the National on 10th street and then my review won't be so biased.

This place is still worth the visit. The patio is nice and large and right on 17th. The food is delicious. The beer list? lacking compared to the new National on 10th. 

Came here to grab some lunch during the weekend. It was nice how busy it felt and the people watching was great.Dropped in for a quick dinner and drinks on a friday night. 

First patio session of the season on a warm evening! Great beer selection and the 4 of us ended up splitting the Lobster Poutine, Duck nuggets and one of the pizzas. 

Friendly staff and quick service.I was very impressed by National which I visited on a Monday evening. I had a Mill Street Cobblestone stout and the Prime Rib sandwich. I also shared the chicken pot pie.

I really enjoyed the Cobblestone. It was my first time trying it and it is on par with my favourite beer Boddingtons. The Prime Rib was great as it came with hot mustard with arugula inside. I love a sandwhich that makes me almost cry and give me arugula as a treat. The Chicken pot pie was excellent though hardy. I would suggest not biting into it right away though because it was very hot when we received it. Burned my tongue a bit. 

I really love the space that the National has developed. Save one white pillar in the middle everything is open here with communal seating in the middle. The large screen with airport-style of beer display behind the bar make it possible to not need to open your menu. It is fitting that this place be next door to the ship because really they are opposites. Though sometimes I prefer a place with more nooks and crannies, the national is place where I could spend a lot of money. Loved my experience!The great Calgarian Beer Hall! It's places like National that have helped turn beer geekyness into total awesomeness and changed the whole vibe around what it means to go out in Calgary. National is styley enough that you won't feel out of place if you're still donning your power tie from the that international deal you closed like a boss earlier that day and are now pounding back pints with with your colleagues. And it's casual enough that you'll still feel at home in a pair of jeans and your best ironic moustache.

I gotta say, I'm a pretty big fan of the picnic table style seating that National is known for. You just get a little more interaction with the people around you. Believe it or not, 9 times out of 10 your neighbours will turn out to be pretty decent humans and you'll wind up making some new beer friends, even if only for the next hour. At the very least you go, "Excuse me, is anyone sitting here?" and they go "No, go ahead." Crack. That little bit of ice is broken.

The beer selection is... I believe the correct term is "off the heezy", possibly "hizzle", I'm not sure, but it's really really good. It's broken up by category so you can go with a type you love and then go to town. And if you REALLY want to go to town, they've got "Session Sundays." $6.50 20oz pints of EVERYTHING. Village Brewery Blonde? $6.50. Rogue IPA? $6.50. Bud lite? GET OUT.

Scotch Egg - This is a wonderful piece of beer hall food I happened upon last night. It's a soft boiled egg coated in in sausage and breading and then deep fried for $5. It's a great little one person snack for when you get the munchies. It's also a pretty good conversation starter. People can't fight the mystique of the scotch egg. They'll ask you about it with a slightly jealous curiosity and it's not big enough that you'll feel obligated to share with your friends.Home of the best damn beer guzzling happy hour in this city... with real 20 oz pints- something that is near to extinction in Calgary sadly.Busy on a Saturday night, but Sabz and her crew of nutty Québécois (and me!) were able to squeeze in and drink National dry. I'm sorry if you were unable to find National on Sunday morning, because we DRANK IT.

Oh, and FYI, the menu on their website is out of date. They actually *do* have a veggie burger on their menu and it's delicious! Crumbly and messy; I wound up eating it with a fork and knife, but that didn't take away from it's flavor. 

The music that they play on Saturday nights reminds me of my iPod!My sister told me about "buck a shuck" at National so my boyfriend and I decided to come check it out. 
Uhm, yum!! Not only is it $1 per oyster, it's also happy hour on beer. 
I have to say that we went a bit crazy on the oysters. Oysters were the one thing I was craving in my pregnancy (and probably one of the biggest things you're not allowed to eat) so I was slurpin back oysters like there was no tomorrow. I was impressed, pretty good oysters!! 
My boyfriend tried the fried chicken as well, he enjoyed it and ended up ordering more. Not bad for fried chicken (doesn't come close to Jollibee for those who have had that delicious chicken goodness). 
Onto the beer. Sooooooooo good. Again, I haven't enjoyed a beer for 9 months, so I was just happy to be drinking a cool beer on a hot summer day. Great variety, great selection, and everything on tap. 

I'll be back for the buck a shuck!I'm a total Fan! This place has a GREAT atmosphere, easy to meet people and the Staff is the absolute BEST! LOVE THEM! Make sure to try the Poutine, Oysters on Tuesdays or if you're hungover the breaky is YUM too~On our first night in Calgary, we decided to head up to  17th Avenue in downtown.  This pocket of the neighborhood is known for its patio bars and restaurants, so there were plenty of places to choose from.  Eventually the crowd and patio at NATIONAL made us choose this resturant.  Inside, the ambience is is interesting; long wooden patio style table with attached benches all around, long bar counters, electonic billboard menus of all their beers on tap, open concept, dim lighting, etc.  Its truly a one of a kind, and I see why this place can draw many patrons.
Since we ate earlier my coworker and I settled for their local draught and shared their Lamb Sausage pizza.  When this dish came out, though it had a gamey type of smell it tasted awesome! ingredients used was quite unique; tzatziki sauce, mint, topped off with zuchinni strings.  
Overall we both took a chance on this dish, and it paid off! the presentation was bang-on! our server was great! the ambience is great.
National is definitely a hotspot on 17th avenue...but if you're looking for coziness, or a nice quiet place to eat, this should not be your venue of choice, but great place overall if you're with a group of friends.Lunch with a buddy, dam good food and conversation. Love to come back at night....... Date night, looks like it hopsI come to the National on average 1-2x/week between 17ave, 10ave, and Stephen Ave.
We tend to frequent 17 ave ONLY based on location. 
The service is generally a 3 star, sometimes worse. In the summer the service use to be pretty good but since then their 2 best servers have jumped ship.
On Jan 30th I was here with friends for happy hour, my boyfriend had placed an order in to get 1 more beer on happy hour pricing. When the bill came it was billed at the regular $8.50 price, not a big deal, right? Think again. He showed the error to our server and asked for it to the HH price as it was ordered prior to 6pm, she said word for word "Maybe if you ask me nicely"  (Who says that!?) You may think that she was joking, nope. She just stared him down until he asked again if it could be changed or if he needed to speak to the Manager. She stormed off, returned with the revised bill and he kindly and quietly suggested to her that she could have handled that situation better to which she replied 'Yeah, well so could have you" in a very rude tone. Our entire table was in awe at her rudeness and mind you we only had 3 beers each so no one by any means was drunk or belligerent. 
We have also had servers argue when we once in a while receive an under carbed beer that needs to be returned. 
I would give the National 17 ave a 5 star based on their daily 3-6 happy hour special and for selection of beers (which are unfortunately more local vs American, but I get the margin conversation, I get it) but due to the rudeness of the staff this drops to a 3.Great selection of beer, excellent venue, big place and suitable for bigger groups, usually crowded, happening and loud. All this make an excellent pub!Like their snack-y items.  where can u find corn dogs, raw oysters, scotch egg, and lobster/duck poutine?! hehe.
Cool little ticker type  menu boards
picnic table / mess hall set up.
Crowded, loud, great atmosphere!Beer - Great
Service - Okay
Steak Sandwich - Awful

Decided to grab a beer and a bite at National before one of the Flames preseason games. Came in during their shift change (5:30-6ish), so they only had one girl serving the entire place. She brought us our beer, and said our actual server would be starting 'shortly'. It was a while before we could flag our new server down to refill our pints and take our food order. Once we had her attention however, she did a good job.

DO NOT ORDER THE STEAK SANDWICH. 

I know not to expect A+++ AMAZING PRIME beef when I order a steak sandwich, but I do expect it to be edible and cooked properly. This was neither. I ordered medium rare, it came out looking like ahi tuna. The steak had long stringy gristly things throughout and I couldn't cut through them. I  asked the server if I could get another one, and she was very apologetic and said a whole new plate would be on its way. Once the new steak arrived, I cut into it to see that it was very, very well done. 0/2 on the steaks. 

My advice, stick to the drinks and appetizers if you're going to eat here. Pretty hard to screw up popcorn.Brutal:
Great location, great facility, clean bathroom.

The service was the worst I've had in years, maybe ever. It took 90 minutes from the time I entered the establishment to the time I left. I had a ceasar salad and a water.
How...?  How...?   How...?   Could this order take over 60 minutes to prepare. Most establishments want to turn over the table and get the next customer.

The salad itself was wilted and on par with fast food quality which is OK for 8 bucks, but not for 18.00.

I won't return until I've heard there is a change of management.I'm giving only one star because of the service. Food and beer was great but the server Molly was not good at all. Not attentive at all, walking away before all questions were answered, not checking in on how we were doing, etc.. We took initial orders at 2:57 and she gave us a nasty look because we asked for the happy hour prices which are from 3-6. Maybe this was a one off thing but my first experience here wasn't pleasant.There is bad service and then there is no service.
Today on such a nice sunny day I went down to National on 17th the patio was very busy but there was not one person inside.  I decided to sit at a bench in side and 15 mins past almost 20 mins and no one person came over to see was I having any drinks or Lunch. After leaving the place I called to let them know how crap it feels that as a customer you no longer matter.  I spoke to TJ an owner / manager he seemed very nice and assured me in 5 years this has never happened.  Now in the past I have been a big fan of National and have been there many times but now there is so many places to choose from.Came here with a bunch of colleagues who happens to be in town from Vancouver. I ordered  their dry pop and the roasted chicken. I loved the roasted chicken it has a nice smoking taste to it. Not to mention the best part is the gravy. Its very unique. $19 get you half a chicken with salad and fries. The fries are not bad. I had left over and interestingly, the chicken taste even better next day.

The atmosphere here is nice. It is a pub and can be quite loud. 

Service is ok. You run out of water and it takes them awhile to notice it. Beer and alcohol selection is lengthy. Only issue is that there are not a lot of selection for non-alcoholic drinks.

Overall, I like this place. Great to meet up with friends here.In an effort to take over Calgary with interesting bars and restaurants, the owners of Model Milk give us National.

Complete with popcorn for your table, tatter tots with Franks Red hot dipping sauce, floor to ceiling windows with views of 17th Ave and long picnic tables forcing you to mingle with strangers, National is a pub rethought, and I like it.

National is loud, clangy, huge and crowded with a beer menu that is extensive, sourcing all their brew as locally as possible, and their food menu impressive featuring great salads mixed with old-fashioned bar favorites like pickled eggs and nuts and all-day breakfast. 

Although the beer and food selection is striking, they neglected to put as much love into the cocktails and wine lists, leaving the occasional beer drinker a bit lost. I wish I could give National 3.75 stars, since this stumble only deserves 0.25 marks off a four-star review; but alas, it cannot be overlooked.

I don't think I will be a bar-fly on the wall at this place since I like a little more selection for drinking and I only occasionally like to be accosted by strangers in a pub; But when I am looking for beer, I like the beer selection at National, the crowd it attracts, the location it sits in and the food on the offer, so I think I'll make a habit of going to here, sometimes.

T.I thought I would update my review, as this particular National - on 17th avenue has now continually disappointed in regards to service, quality, and staff.

We love the National chains throughout Calgary, and go to all of them frequently for their great weekly deals, $5 happy hour, and great menu.   This location seriously has some issues with staff and quality control it seems, as the past 3 visits have all been terrible.

Our most recent trip, our server knew absolutely nothing about the beer selections - how do you hire someone at a beer market who has no knowledge of beer!?   Whatever, we made our choices and then our friends ordered food and appetizers.  The appys came out promptly.   We then waited almost an hour for the entree.  Clearly there was some disconnect between the server and the kitchen, or the server forgot to enter the entrees.  Something went wrong either way.  We got a quick apology and the server did remove the entree from the bill.  However, when it did arrive there were multiple hairs in the food!!!!   

Our 3 hour visit to this National, the server barely asked us how we were, was extremely abrupt, and we basically had to flag her down to get a new beer.  Frequently she'd miss 1 of us at the table and then walk away leaving that person without a beer until she decided to show up again.   

I decided I wanted to order a dessert, and asked for the fiasco gelato cookie dish.  The menu doesn't really explain what it is, but my impression it was gelato with cookies, or some kind of ice cream sandwich.  A few minutes later a guy walks over and plops a big bowl of ice cream down without saying ANYTHING.   Definitely didn't match the description on the menu and no one even bothered to communicate with us.  Had our server said they were out of cookies I'd have definitely not ordered it, but was now expected to eat this makeshift dessert...

I will definitely be going back to other National locations, but am now avoiding this one, as there is a clear disconnect between customer, server, and quality that patrons have come to expect from the National brand.I was impressed with the beers they had on tap! I have celiac so I can't drink them but they did have some ciders on tap. I had their chicken wings and tater tots and it was a perfect bar snack to have!  I went on wing night and for 5 bucks you do get a lot. I had the sweet chili flavour and it was delicious!Ehh.

I can see why this place has a low rating.  The servers seemed depressed and so did the food.  The mixed drinks were awful.  We had the Oysters and were asked if we wanted west coast or east coast. Not too descriptive, but went with it.  We ordered West Coast and they did not taste like any west coast oysters I have ever had.  Won't be a next time for this place. So many places to try!!!I was here during the World Cup matches. The place was packed and they still made room for us just in time to watch the match. The food was delicious and the drinks were equally as good.Went this afternoon with two friends. Ordered food, and ONE HOUR later server comes by to say "The kitchen is busy, it'll be coming soon". Fifteen minutes later she comes by to say the same thing. We ask her to check how long it will be and she goes, comes back, and says "At least another half hour". We got up and left. Awful, never again.Review : 3.8(ish)

The overall restaurant is fine. Service can take a while depending on the crowd. Patio has it toughest because the bussers and wait staff tend to it second after the crowd inside. The beer selection is alright. Decent selection. The menu can be a bit pricey, and depending on what you order, you may be a bit disappointed in the portions. But their daily specials are often great. Tuesdays it's oysters, and Wednesdays it's $5 for a pound of wings (~8-10 wings). 

Fair warning: do not drop in during a game/right before a game. You will most likely not find a seat, even though it's a communal restaurant (because all of the tables are already reserved or are preoccupied by other people.) The only real gripe I could have with this place is how long it took our food to get to the table and getting the staff's attention. I realise that they do indeed have other people to get to, so maybe having more staff on waiting tables would be nice. 

As for the 25 & over rule for the weekends, It is indeed illegal to discriminate anyone in Canada based off of their age. But it's also understandable to the restaurant owners. People under 25 can get out of sorts when in a bar, I'm not implying that people over 25 are immune to the effects alcohol has on their ability to make decisions, but I wouldn't want a 20 something trying to start a fight or trying to impress their friends by being a menace in my bar. I've never had to deal with this, though I am under 25, so I can't confirm whether or not this age discrimination is true or not. Perhaps they only turn away groups of men that look like they would pose a hazard for other bar patrons.I went here with my sister on a sunday afternoon. It was pretty busy, but we were greeted and seated promptly. 

We started with a beer each, I got the huckleberry and I don't remember what she got because mine was incredible. I ordered the lobster poutine, which was very impressive. Big pieces of actual lobster, and a cream sauce. Could have used a little more garlic and lemon, but it was still amazing. 

My sister got the porchetta sandwich, (sorry for poor spelling, I don't feel like googling it) and it was delicious. The french fries were also delicious. 

The service was amazing. We'll be back for sure.I like you National. We began our night on a rough note as I stood in line for 15 minutes impatiently tapping my foot. Yeah I know you are the hottest thing on 17th Ave but soon enough, something hotter will come along and you'll be teasing me  and whatever joe shmoe that comes within your proximity. In fact I came by myself so when I say "I'm here to join a group of friends that have saved a spot for me" and when one of them comes up to let you know...let me in!

Finally when I walked in I get why everyone wants to flock to this place. It has a different vibe than any beer hall in the city. They have a great selection and I'd love to talk about the different beers I tried, but Sabz's BF Chris made sure I remembered very little of that night :/

Still I do remember snippets. Our waitress was super awesome.
Despite having a small selection of spirits and liquor, they were able to put together strange shots for us. I kept having to gargle this weird mix of Jamesons and Jaeger and they even managed to put together a whiskey shot chased with pickle juice for our crew.

I didn't' get a chance to try their food because it seems that at around 10pm, the kitchen closes. 

There is a friendly vibe to this place. The large tables make it easy to huddle with your friends and ignore society but give you the option of turning around and making friendly conversation with a stranger. At the end of the night more people stand around the bar area where one could take a bar stroll towards and randomly spark conversations.

Drunk enough I like to pull out a classic conversation starter:

"HEY GUYS WOAH BIG GULPS HUH? WELL SEE YOU LATER!"Food: 3/5
Drinks: 3/5
Service: 3.5/5
Ambiance: 4/5
Overall experience: 3.5/5

(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)

National is a fairly new beer hall that opened up next to The Ship and Anchor on 17th Ave. It is always packed on the weekend so I was glad my friends and I found a couple of seats along their oyster bar. As the concept of 'beer hall' suggests, National has long communal (picnic-like) tables for customers, or you can grab a seat at their beautiful bar where display boards rotate through their beers on tap. It's very spacious inside and they have an equally large open patio. 

National has over 36 bottles and 70 different draught beers including Pale & Dark Ales, Lagers, and Hoppy ones. I was a little disappointed by the selection because they were all North American microbrews and a pint was considerably expensive compared to other places: $6/14 oz; $8.50/20oz; $14/Stein; $15/Flight. A bottle can run up to $15 for 650ml to $30 for those with a higher alcohol content. 

My friends and I opted to share a 1L 'Strawberry Lemonade' cocktail ($15) with vodka, strawberry, and homemade lemonade. If you love girly drinks, this is the one to get because it was refreshing and deliciously lemony. 

Their menu is reminiscent of a gastropub with gourmet items including oysters; ($3) in-house made salty snacks like spiced nuts and pickled eggs; ($9-$14) appetizers like mussels, beef tartare, and pretzels; ($18) pot pies; ($10-$16) duck and lobster poutines; ($15) prime rib and porchetta sandwiches; ($13) hamburgers, and unique desserts like a deep fried mars bar! They even serve a whole roasted pig for parties if you order ahead.

My friends and I tried their 'Traditional Poutine' ($10) which was very disappointing. The fries were soggy, the chicken gravy was bland, and there wasn't enough cheese curds. However, the 'Key Lime Cheesecake' ($8) with honey comb and raspberry sorbet made up for it. The cheesecake had the right amount of tartness, a nice thin graham cracker crust, and a buttery texture. In general, their food is presented beautifully with care on rustic wooden cutting boards. 

I also had the advantage of sitting next to the oyster bar and kitchen so I saw a lot of the snacks being prepared and food come out. I suggest avoiding the salty snacks portion of the menu since they give you a very small portion and there wasn't anything unique about them. For anyone who is interested, the popcorn is you usual popcorn from a machine and you only get two pickled eggs (four halves) per order.

My overall experience at National was just OK. It didn't really live up to the hype and I would have preferred to see a wider range of import drafts. Nonetheless, if you haven't checked out National yet, I suggest you drop by on a slower night. The atmosphere is lively and the staff are friendly.Best beer happy hour period. A REAL pint - 20oz - for $5. Great patio and people watching. How can you go wrong. Only issue is they don't play sports.loud but good music; amazing tap list for beer. not the most sophisticated place, but if you're thirsting for a beer other than the industrial options, and you're willing to brave the youth there to binge, then it's worth it.came here 2x with the bf for drinks - he LOVES this place b/c the atmosphere is pumping...always super busy! we came once in the summer and it looked like a huge party! so many people outside on the patio it was great!
the 2nd time we sat at the bar, again super packed but too cold to sit outside. i loved the beer signs that look like train stations (see pic) along the bar - super cool! he ordered oysters and we were quite close to the area where they prepare the oysters - ladies there is a mighty fineee looking gentleman that works at the oyster stations good too look at while waiting lol
my bf said the oysters were fresh and tastey! will def come back for drinks, can't wait for summer patio season too!Went here for a drink while waiting for a reservation somewhere else. I love the high ceilings. Had a long Island iced tea, it was good. Prices are average, what you'd expect. Worth checking out.We visited here not too long ago and went out with our cousins and friends for a bit of Sunday Funday action. Foodwise we ordered several dishes - and everything I ate had really good presentation. To drink, I ordered a moscow mule which was made really well. 

Overall, I had a blast. What I didn't like was the staff - though our server/waitress was fine and nice enough. We asked several waitresses a question about wifi and they were dismissive and not really helpful. Had the staff just been overall more helpful I would have rated this higher because this is a great spot to hang out at otherwise.One of the best patios in Calgary for people watching! The servers are super cool and the beer selection is great.READER BEWARE: I am probably going to offend most people with this review, but if I were to describe National in one word, it would be WEIRD!

Just a random night out with a couple friends, started at Rose and Crown to watch our buddies band play, then someone said there was duck perogies at National, so we headed there. It was duck poutine, not perogies and they wouldn't serve us food anyways, as we got there just before 11, but by the time our server got to us it was 11:03 and they stopped serving food at 11. Are you kidding me?! I can see if we popped in at 11:30, but we were there before 11. Anywho. 

We're sitting enjoying our drink and noticing the crowd. It feels like we're at the Met on Stephen Ave. The new corporate watering hole with a side of hipsters, hippies and I'm not even sure what else. Oh and to the guy passed out, probably puking under the table next to us, GO HOME!!! You're wearing a wedding band and you're still in your work clothes. Get a grip. It's Thursday night. 

So after a drink, we got out of there and the general consensus is to not add that to the top 10 list, not even the top 20.Brutal. Heat wasn't working and it was close to 0 inside and -20 outside. Out of items on the menu and 18% gratuity added to the bill automatically for a birthday party. This place sucksGave them another shot, and the overall experience was really dissatisfying. May as well as not come back!I can only attest to the beer since we got there too late and the kitchen was closed.  They have an AMAZING beer selection...  Being from California, this was the kind of bar I was looking for - selection!  We ended up sitting next to a girl at the bar that worked there and she was there just having fun...  She was SO helpful and let us to the right beers to try on their "flight" (sample paddle).  
If I ever get back to Calgary, I'm coming here again.  I'm actually trying to get over there before leaving in a couple of days.  
CHEERS to National!!Went to National with a girlfriend last night after our hot yoga session. The place was very busy for a Tuesday night. The server was prompt and took our drink orders right away. I was very impressed with my Cesar that was garnished with a cheddar cheese cube, a shrimp, a slice of pickle, AND a celery stalk. The drink was a bit strong (may have been the IPA they add in), but how can you complain when you have that much garnish. 

My friend and I shared oysters (Min. order of 6 at $3/oyster), shrimp (Min. order of 6 at $2/shrimp), and the mussels & frites. All of the food was exceptional, and we were pleasantly surprised with the extra oysters and shrimp that the kitchen had thrown in. The pricing of the menu is a bit more expensive than some other pubs, but overall when it comes to good seafood that is around the price you pay in Calgary. 

I will definitely be back to try some of the fantastic beers they have on tap, as well as some other items on the menu. I feel as though this could become a new favorite amongst me and my friends.I preface this by saying I have only gone here once in the evening,  and I think it was a Wednesday. Mostly,  I go there for boozy brunch on weekends. For that,  it is awesome. I love how the space has so many windows to let it the sunlight,  and their beer selection is pretty good. I went there for oysters once, and that was also fun- not sure if I'd want to brave it on a Saturday night.Some cool unique drinks with a fun laid back atmosphere, service can be a little spotty when they get busy but overall pretty fun place to grab drinks.National was the chosen spot last Saturday for some birthday shenanigans. Thank goodness we got here by 8pm because there was already a lineup forming at the door! Craziness!!

We found a spot at the benches and squeezed 6 of us into a 4-person spot and reassured the troubled-looking waiter that "we'll be fiiiine!". Cozy is good, right? But soon our group grew and the group at the table next to us left, so we gradually expanded and took over both spots. This was probably a good thing because most of the people in my party were partaking in some kind of unofficial alcohol olympics, and would very likely scare off innocent leisure-drinkers if they found themselves in our proximity. 

I liked the menu! The food list was big and varied, and looked delicious. The beer list was even bigger! Too bad I was the DD for that evening or I would have tried several of them! 

The place is modern, fresh and energetic, yet still keeping the 'beer hall' feel. Absolutely loved the huge windows and slim white brick walls with slim chalkboards with beers listed on them. NICE work on the decor! The patio is also huge! It wraps all the way around 17th ave and 5th St! 

The service was decent, nothing to complain about! 

National is all in all a fun place. I would go back and try more of their beers. And split the 'Deep fried Mars bar' with said birthday boy because although I promised that to him at the beginning of our meal, it was all quickly lost in a frenzy of Steamwhistle, He'Brew, St Ambroise, Jamesons, Jaeger and pickle juice.Stopped by here for brunch last week.  There's been lots of hype about this place, so I thought I should finally check it out.  
Now, they don't exactly have a brunch menu, they have 4 all day breakfast choices. When I asked if they had a brunch menu the hostess said yes, but then the waitress said not really.  Anyway, they do have a brunch special on the weekends I guess, but on that day it was stuffed french toast which I can't have because of gluten.  Ah well.

Pros:
Clean place, nice decor. Great atmosphere inside and an awesome patio outside.
Alright menu, beer selection alright
Service was ok

Cons:
No gluten free options (food or beer)
Beer prices expensive 
Food prices relatively expensive
Breakfast was nothing special - eggs not fully cooked, but the hashbrowns were good
Coffee press expensive - ordered 2 coffees, then looked at menu and realized their only option was a $5 press. Cancelled one of the coffees, I'm not paying $10 bucks for 2 coffees.  Was a little curious as to why she didn't mention it was a press and that we could have shared that amount of coffee.

I might go again, maybe I need to experience this place in the evening or something.  Or maybe I just came at a bad time of the day... I don't know.  I wasn't entirely turned off from the place, but I am in no rush to go back.I've been to National on 17th a couple of times, and frankly am underwhelmed.  In theory, National has the potential to be a great spot.  

For me, a great pub needs the following:

1) Ample seating and no lines - National 17th does not have this - it is a pretty small space, and you are packed into picnic-style tables surrounded by randoms (note: do not try to have a private conversation at this pub).

2) Good music to get the party started, but not so loud that you can't hear yourself think and need to scream at your date/friends - National 17th does not have this.  The last time I went, I ended up TEXTING my date so we could have a conversation.  Thankfully the date was not a total bomb and we are still together almost 9 months later (note: I have not been back to National since this date).

3) Great beer and pub food selection - Check!  National does have an awesome beer menu and yummy pub snacks.

I think the 17th Ave location is on the small side for the crowd it draws in, so I'm very interested in checking out the 10th Ave location to see if it has more capacity.Beer good. Atmosphere would be ok if busier but hey....it is a Tuesday. Service...ok...not bad...far from great...kind of the bare minimum. Worthy of minimum wage and a smaller tip...nothing more.Been here a few times & I've always found it consistently good. The location is great: on the corner of 17th & 5th with a wrap-around patio. The food is good, even if it is a little pricey (they have daily specials too). Service was OK,  not bad, just not amazing. Their beer selection is large & the bar itself is very nice. I'd go again, if the service had been a bit better I'd even give this place a 4 or 5.Badass lobster poutine and a freakin dope beer list. Great vibes in this placeI did go here during Stampede week, so not sure if this is typical or not.

The atmosphere was lots of fun, and the beer choice was excellent! The food was also quite good when we could get a server by to take an order.

I would recommend checking them out!Amazing beer selection, crackin' food and above average service.  Great patio seating and a great inside bar just earned you a perfect score.  No need to carry on with this review - this is a solid choice on 17th.Met my Dad and sis at National for dinner on Sunday evening. We got there at 5 pm and the patio and indoor area were both very busy. Just as we sat down inside, a big storm started and everyone from the patio had to come inside. Luckily we had our seats already! At this point, I think the indoor area was completely full. 

I tried the Chicken Club Sandwich and the Tree Blonde Lager. I love the variety of the drink menu and the options on drink sizes. The chicken sandwich was good, but I'm not a fan of ciabatta buns and the meat was a bit dry. Considering all of the other options on the menu, I probably wouldn't order it again until I've tried some of the other items. The deep fried jalapenos are calling my name ... 

The service was great and the food came out pretty quickly, even though they seemed to be at capacity. I love the look and atmosphere of the restaurant, but we all agreed that it would be too loud for mom to enjoy.The 17th Ave location has nothing on their 10th Ave.   We stopped in here for a quick bite before going to a hockey game.  

YAY for us it was their buck-a-shuck oyster night, delicious.   We love National's food offerings, but the setting and vibe of the 17th Ave. location just isn't as unique as their beer hall feel on 10th.

Our server wouldn't accept my husband's temporary license so he had to get a soda while I got to drink (hehe).  But discovered they carry amazing Dry Soda which he fell in love with and is now craving constantly, so win-win.

Great food, good drinks, nice happy hour prices, but we'll still drive to the 10th ave instead.Don't make a reservation. Don't even fucking dress up. And for fuck sakes, do not wait in their line. Roll in this bitch like you are Johnny Depp (you know, greasy hair, sunglasses inside, sans deodorant) and head straight to the bar, it is fucking huge. 

Park your gigantic ass at the bar and order pickled eggs, scotch eggs or their in-house gorgeously made pickles. The menu is a smorgasbord of yummy food and their beer selection is an alcoholics wet dream. You'll rack up quite a bill (but you are rolling like Depp, remember?) but then again, just sucker a date into paying so who gives a crap.

Five fucking stars for doing to eggs what KISS did to the women of the 70's, or something. Keep up the good work. *John-hugChic atmosphere, great for hipsters. Little tvs (thank god; why is it ever bar in Calgary needs to have these massive loud intrusive TVs?) good food and excellent craft drinks. I only wish prices were more reasonable. Still worth it.My sister beat me to reviewing The National first. So Ill just say, it will definately be up there in the running with all the new eateries on 17th Ave. 
The service was great. It was very busy on the Thursday early evening, and very loud, so not a "first date" kind of place. All types of clientel, from the buisness suits to the casual, shorts and tattoos crowd. 
The food was excellent. The four of us had only one complaint, that the pretzel bread ordered was a bit small for all the mustard and beer cheese provided.
Even if you dont get a table outside on the patio, being indoors is just as nice, due to the large floor to ceiling windows that are opened up when its sunny out. 
National also serves up a huge beer list ( as its a beer hall), plus a few selections of wines and spirits. 
Cant wait to go back and try more eats!I've been to National a few times. I've eaten food/consumed beer inside, outside and have also attended a private event.

I have mixed feelings about the community seats. As other reviewers have said, don't try to have a private conversation. Because people will be listening. It is one thing being a pair at one end of the table with another pair at the end. But when 3 or more try to join your table...well I'm not sure how I feel about that.

The beer selection is pretty great. Something for everyone and then some. The wine selection is fairly ample for a pub too, although I haven't tried it to know the quality.

Which brings us to the food. Burgers (beef as well as the turkey) are great although on both occasions the bun has fallen apart before I was halfway through. They have great flavour and are cooked really well. I also like that you have the option of a healthy side green salad or fries, depending on how calorie conscious you are being. I've had a few of their appies as well...good but nothing stand out.

Service...pretty attentive but not overly friendly. They seem really rushed all the time, like they are short staffed.

I do like the wrap around patio although 17th Ave traffic can sometimes drown out conversation. With all the windows, it can get quite warm on the inside on a sunny day (even in the cooler weather).So, the first thing I thought to myself when seeing there was a beer hall opening up next to the Ship was, 'that's stupid', they can;t compete with the Ship. Then I realized that's not the case at all. It's a great idea. They'll get the overflow from the Ship, especially with a patio on a busy spot of the 17th Ave. strip. After I went and visited, I decided that I'd go to national regardless, because thus far, it can hold it's own.

I can't help but compare it to it's old incarnation, the Mercury, which was too dark. National opened up the place by putting windown from ceiling to floor, which let's in a lot of light. It has communal picnic table seating, which encourages strangers to talk to each other, which is another thing I enjoy, and cool chandeliers hanging from above.

The server was prompt to take our drink and food orders, and was extremely friendly. 
I had the Pulled Chicken sandwich ($14) with srichacha mayo and pickles. Amazing! The only thing I didn't like was that there's no side, and it costs $3-5 for a tiny portion of salad that took 4 bites to eat. I need more greens. My sister had the quarter chicken dinner that came with potatoes and a small salad ($14), and again, amazing. 
My friend and his gf shared the prezel bread ($*) that came with a mustard dipping sauce and a creamy chesse (we think) type dip, both quite good. However, thw absolute best dish was the Lobster Poutine ($16)that they let me try. This was the best poutine I have ever had. I'm definitely oredering next time. We all finished off with the deep fried Mars bar and vanilla gelato ($8). It's served cut into small pieces and with a custard dip to use for both the Mars bar and the ice cream. One serving was sweet and satisfying enough for the four of us.

All in all this was a great experience, and though the prices are slightly more expensive than regular pub food, it's worth it. They had a creative menu that wasn't the same old - same old. I'll be visiting again soon.Worst service...over an hour to get a drink in a half full place. Avoid this at all costsChocolate waffles and beer happy Easter weekendEHRMAHGERDZ. JARgaritas!Checking out National for the Best of Calgary Fast Forward Awards!88 beers, 72 on tap! Must try them all!! The food is very good to. Much more inspired than your usual pub food.Great beer selection but I still feel dirty being here when I should be at the Ship.Popcorn and tater tots for the winDid you know that the kitchen at National on 17th is open till 1am during Stampede??!!! Yahoo!Free wifi for Shaw customersGood early bird specials.Does anytime breakfastScotch eggs with soft yolk...nuff said.Buck a shuck oysters on Tuesday nights.Breakfast poutine is amazing. Its every one of my favorite things about breakfast, in a bowl!Brasserie Dieu du Ciel now on tap! More on the menu for veggies too!Fresh oysters yay! But only sold by the half dozenGreat service. Big beer menu.Would be 5 stars if it had more coat hangersCome early get a good seatMedium rare burgers!!!!!!!! The best burger in the city!!!!!! Heaven.

I don't always like to go to the most expensive place in town but when I do go to pricey places, I want to know my dollars are worth it. 

If this restaurant is where vegetables and animals come to die, they die happy.  It's food heaven.

I'm not a huge meat fan.  I really enjoyed the sides.   Duck fat confit fingerling potatoes.  Jalapeño creamed corn.  Baby beets, and broccolini.   
The waiter was delightful and suggested a very delicious wine.   

I also had the half roasted cicken.  When I took my first bite my mouth watered so much, my friends saw me drooling.  

This place is nuts during most of the year but if you g of the day after stampede it is dead as a door nail.Amazing place! 
Interesting cuts and good variety of dishes on menu.
Very delicious and filling. 
Highly recommend!I think reading all the hype may have bolstered this place to such lofty expectations that I was bound to be let down by reality.  While I wasn't let down, I can't give it 5 stars.  

Overall the food was good and the service was awesome but unfortunately, now that I've had the best steak of my life (Wallister Stube in Lake Louise), nothing else quit lives up to comparison even this tender, juicy, perfectly seared tenderloin.  

That said, the place is definitely worth a visit.  I would stay away from the oysters as an appetizer though as it was too salty but the seared scallops?  The bomb!  And the tomato salad was refreshing and cleaned the palate before the steak arrived.  

I tried something called a Canadian Apple for a cocktail and these people are serious about their alcohol.  It almost knocked me on my tush.  Worth every penny.Great Steaks
Three of us ordered tenderloins. Threat were delicious. The rare steaks were just a bit more well done than we like.  Still , they were very tasty and the mushrooms, a asparagus, and Cabernet were excellent complements to the beef. The service was attentive and not pushy. A very nice evening.All in all not bad, perhaps my bar is a bit too high having experienced some of the better steak places in the Northeast (NYC, Philly).  For the price, decent value - intend to try some additional steak places in Calgary but I would come back at some point.

The restaurant is pretty large, sat in the 'bar' area on a Saturday night right before the live music kicked off.  Cool scene, the plush leather booths are comfortable and its nice to have a TV in the background if you want to follow a sports event.  Things did not start off too well when I ordered a Grey Goose on the rocks and what I got was 85% soda water and vodka - the waitress was cool about taking back and getting it right, but jeesh not like I ordered anything complicated.  As to the food, the steak was pretty good and the lamb chop portion was very generous (5 chops!) with better than average (not fantastic) quality.Everything about our experience was wonderful. The tomato bocconici salad was delicious. It was served with the appropriate amount of balsamic. The steaks were cooked perfectly. Interesting note is that Canadian cattle raised for prime beef are fed barley. The taste is noticeably different and terrific. The onion rings were served with a spicy sauce. So delicious. The creamed spinach was served with just the right amount of sauce and melted cheese. Service was also very good. Attentive but not overbearing. All in all a very wonderful experience.From start to finish the meal and experience here was 5 stars.  When you sit down you notice your napkin is folded like a tuxedo, which was such a unique touch I had to mention it.  Service is fast and impeccable! They bring a board by with all the cuts of meat on it and go over each one with you, which just makes your mouth water all the more. The only negative thing I can say is that the dressing on the beet salad is way too sweet but otherwise delicious if you avoid the greens with said dressing. My prime rib was cooked to medium-rare perfection and if that wasn't amazing enough all the sides are sharable portions so you get to try everything!!!  This maybe just me but I was overjoyed to go to a restaurant where the patrons dressed above nice-casual which greatly added to the experience of a nice meal out.
Hands down my new and possibly only place to go for steak in CalgaryI love Vintage - one of my favorite steakhouses on the more expensive side. Worth the price though - the steak is always fantastic, as I've been more than once. The service I've received is always great, with a friendly waiter and informative meat speech. All the food is well prepared and tastes wonderful, full flavors. The restaurant itself is fairly large, pleasant looking, with good lighting. I haven't been when there is live music, but I find it quiet. Overall happy with this place!The facility is cozy but Could be better, I ordered the rack of Lamb and it was blasé. The service was bad or maybe I just had a terrible server. Not worth a second visit.This place was one of the best steaks I have had. 
All Canada Prime Beef (superior to USA Prime in my opinion)
Great Ladero Wine - great Sommelier and even better wait staff, about the best I have ever experienced (Waiter was Andy)

Appetizers were awesome - Escargot and Tuna Tartare, can't beat it.

Overall one of the best places I have been in the world.Just met there with local business partners and a current partner of ours from Germany who we may be taking things to a higher level with.  We needed a classy setting that wasn't going to be too loud...  The waiter was extremely knowledgable and sold us all on amazing steaks.  Wow.  Very good.  Also, he knew when to interrupt and when not to.  He was very good at judging the vibe of the table.  I suggest you check this place out.  Very impressed.Short Rib to die for.! Let me just put that out there.

This weekend's visit to Vintage was a redo of last month when we came for a birthday party and were thoroughly let down - by the service and not the food. So a rematch it was. This time we decided to dine in the tavern side versus the dining room side as a change of pace...and it was a Saturday night after all, so the atmosphere was a great fit. The tavern side is still quite elegant, professional and clean but adding to the atmosphere is the tall tables, cool bar and quiet TV's in the background.

We were seated immediately to our reserved table by an enjoyable hostess who was a breeze of fresh air. Just as quickly was our waitress who came to deliver menus and take drink orders. Our server for the night was S-Geri Lynn who was an absolute delight. A perfect blend of laid back (but professional), cute and adorable (but not a ditz) and overall a joy to have serving us who also thanked us for being her table upon leaving.

But back to the food. We all ordered beers (giant delicious Hoegaardens) and some mixed cocktails. Service was prompt and efficient. For appies we ordered the beef tartare and tuna tartare (obviously we had a raw food thing happening). Both were quite delicious and beautifully presented with crustinis and crackers to help eat them. The meat was very fresh and delicately matched to perfect sauces. For our mains we had a couple rounds of the braised short rib, one lamb shank, rib eye and tenderloin steak. The short ribs were to die for - no seriously, I felt I lost lives as I savored this dish for about an hour. It is so flavorful, ridiculously tender (why even give me a steak knife to cut it) and a generous serving. It was paired with creamed potatoes and broccollini (but who cares about sides when the meat is beyond delicious). The lamb shank was very comparable in taste and tenderness so an equally amazing choice. Steak is what this place does well, so the steaks were also very well received with a beautiful side of béarnaise sauce that nicely complemented the tenderloin. As a side for the table we chose the truffled mac and cheese. Now truffle isn't for everyone, but it is for me - so that said, this was a very unique version of mac and cheese as the truffle brings out a very different flavor - but it works. The corkscrew pasta is perfect for sopping up the creamy sauce and it has a perfect crunchy topping. This is a great mac and cheese to share (it's quite rich to eat on your own!).

I wish I could comment on desserts, however the servings here are quite sizeable for a high end restaurant so we had to pass on desserts (both a complaint and a blessing). All the portions of meat were fairly large and being accompanied with sides made the meals very filling and enjoyable.

I've been to Vintage three times now. The first was five years ago and the visit was great. The second was last month and the service was awful, so we had to do a quick redo based on an apology and request to return from the manager. The third visit this weekend was phenomenal. They couldn't have hit better notes - from the entrance, to the expedient service, to the amazing food, to the delightful and attentive server. I look forward to a redo of the redo?Waste time and money in the worst restaurant ever!
Stay away! They are rude and arrogant, and the food was average, the price to high.
Worst experience of my lifeThis is a meat lover's paradise. Our party went there because of the chophouse reputation and for a vegan or vegetarian there is little on the menu for you. The side dishes (we chose roasted mushrooms, beets, carmelized onions and scalloped potatoes) are served family style and while all very delicious, the chef has a heavy hand with oil. The hot rolls they serve before dinner are delicious. Service was excellent.Our team voted on having our lunch at Vintage and I'm so glad we did! We received quality service from the moment we entered the restaurant until we slowly shuffled our way out from an amazing meal. 
We started with the tiger prawns with cocktail sauce and the calamari - both were delish! The prawns were huge and came adorned on a giant martini glass.

To accompany all our steaks, we got onion rings, broccolini, spinach gratin, asparagus and sautéed mushrooms to share.

It was a bit of a wait for our food (granted it was peak lunch time and we had a table of 6) but it was totally worth it. My steak was cooked to perfection and all the sides were so tasty! I kept eating even though I was beyond stuffed.

My ultimate weakness is crème brule, so even though I was clearly entering a food coma I couldn't pass on dessert. Luckily I was able to twist my coworker's arm into splitting one with me. The almond and pistachio biscotti that came with the brule was TO.DIE.FOR. Our server was even kind enough to pack me a to-go box filled with the biscotti! 

Is this place pricey? For sure. But the food and service quality make it worth it!Ended up here because local pub was full for a sports game and was very happy. Ordered rib eye with roasted mushrooms and the taste and quality was amazing. Staff very friendly and welcoming.Fantastic eatery! Staff is fantastic great location  . The appetizers are very good. Selection is good also.Best steaks in the city. The front desk area is crowded and small af but once you're in, you're okay. I'm brown and can sometimes get snooty people serving me. Not here. I felt welcome. The rest of the restaurant stared at us but f*** them, the food and service is awesome!!!!!! I had the 14 oz rib eye medium-rare and it was heavenly bruh. I highly recommend this place for that special occasion. We celebrated my girls birthday and my one year sobriety. BlessExcellent. Best spot for a date, or taking clients out. Fantastic food. Has a real 'Mad Men' feel to the restaurant. I have never been disappointed with anything on the menu!While Vintage is definitely an expensive spot, you absolutely get what you pay for. The service was incredible. Our server took the time to slowly explain the differences between the various cuts of meat as well as why you would want to have your meat cooked the way they recommend it. The food was just as good as the service; I probably had the best steak I've ever had in my entire life here.We went  here for the first time tonight on my birthday. We had Michael as our waiter..he was attentive, funny, knowledgeable and super nice. The service was awesome and the food was amazing. I can't go back to regular steak. I had the 14oz rib eye steak, perfectly done in medium  and a side of mac and cheese. We also had onion rings and scalloped potatoes and baked alaska for dessert. The  experience and ambience made me a very happy birthday girl. Our waiter even made me a complimentary non alcoholic Shirley temple ..he was so attentive to know I didn't like alcohol..how awesome us that? and I received free key lime pie because it was my birthday. I'm definitely coming back and bringing all my friends. The price is higher than most steak places but the quality of the food and the service make it worthwhile. It was an epic meal experience. Thank you Michael...you made my birthday even better with the fantastic customer service. I will most definitely recommend vintage chophouse to everyone I know.Finally after coming to Vintage three times since December I am leaving my review! The first time was a for a birthday with a large group of friends and the service was so good!! We were presented with a platter of different types of steaks and they looked so delicious! The $85 Wagyu was something DH couldn't stop raving about afterwards because nothing else he ate after that could even compare. 

The second time we came for Valentine's Day and they had a couples special with 4 courses. It was so good and way too much food!! I'm definitely already looking forward to next year's feature. 

The latest visit was for the Big Taste and they did not disappoint!! A 5 course meal for yours truly and a Wagyu steak for DH again. The Big Taste menu was a lot of food for me but it was very memorable. For $65 it was an incredible deal!! 

If you're up for a $100-150 meal/person including a bottle of wine you should definitely come here! Of course it doesn't have to be that much, but we love our wine and steak too much! Easily one of my favourite restaurants in Calgary!Thanks to Mike and his amazing team at Vintage on Friday night.  We showed up with a group of 25 people, unannounced.  They adjusted to make it all happen, and with smiles and great service!  I strongly recommend Vintage for lunch, dinner, and live music and dancing!  #LoveThem!  Catherine:)Superb service, atmosphere, steak cut variety, and lots of people that are interesting to watch. I had a great time. This fine steakhouse establishment most definitely complements Calgary.

I enjoyed one of the finest sauced steaks ever.

After dinner, we asked for and received a tour of this large restaurant. We saw a very distinguished corporate dining room and a great sequestered round table for 12.

Enjoy!I just spent a weekend in Calgary for a friend's wedding and entirely changed my view of the city. I had a fairly negative impression of Calgary from past visits, including the dining scene, but this time I left highly impressed...and Vintage was one of the reasons why. 

We've all (in Canada) had Alberta beef, but I'd never seen it prepared so well. These guys season it and cook it to perfection. I have no idea what they put on it but it works. I thought I sensed a bit of butter, and various hints of spices, mild enough to let you enjoy the meat, but present enough to accentuate the natural flavor. Together with the perfect texture of the the meat, a definite contender for best steak I've ever had.

I had to do a pretty serious run along the river and bluffs (stunning this time of year) the next day to work off the meal, but no question it was worth it.We went for our anniversary... it was just the two of us and it made for a perfect date night and celebration.  There wasn't anything about the evening I could complain about!!! 
The food was amazing!!! The waiter we had was awesome... he was the perfect mix of knowledgeable and personable!! I loved the fact that the start your evening by coming around and showing and explaining the various steak cuts.. perfect for someone like me who isn't overly knowledgeable about the various cuts or how they are best prepared. And the atmosphere was very nice... not too loud do you couldn't talk... but also not too 'stuffy' so as you felt comfortable!  I would definitely recommend it.. especially for special occasions. It was a pleasant surprise of a perfect evening out!All around solid steak house. The staff was friendly and well versed in the menu. The wine list is bountiful and marked up moderately. The steak stands on it own for flavors not juiced up by butter/salt. The side were in line with any top notch carnivore establishment. All around two thumps up. You want tasty Alberta beef this is your place. Let the feast begin.I am not sure what the haters here are all about, I come from a 'cow town' where I am seldom happy with beef I get in other places. That was not the case here, having a 14oz rib-eye cooked to perfection. My service was great, the lobster mashed potatoes were amazing. The Caesar salad was good, skip the espresso (it was terrible).

Overall I would certainly return here.Hands down, the best steak I've ever had.  Combine local Alberta beef and a chef that knows how to use a grill like a composer directing an orchestra and the result is a symphony of texture and taste.  Our waiter came out with a wood platter displaying samples of the uncooked cuts of meat offered on the menu.  He provided a brief overview regarding the differences in the cuts and marbling with insight on how each cut should be ordered to maximize the flavor.  It was obvious that there was no bad choice.  The twelve ounce rare tenderloin I ordered was juicy and tender despite being such a lean cut of meat.  Vintage definitely knows how to serve a great steak and chophouse dining experience.  This will be a definite stop for me each time I return to Calgary.Vintage is something of a mixed bag.  It was my first time to this restaurant and had expectations of a fantastic dining experience.  The evening unfolded the following way:

1. Reservation was for 8:45 and was asked to sit at the bar (which was full) for 20 minutes as our table was not ready.
2. Following our orders being placed (coctails to start, one prime ribeye, one filet and a glass of wine with my steak), incorrect food orders (I assume for other tables) were brought to our table.  This occured twice.
3. Received our steaks which were cooked to perfection.  It is one of the best steaks I have ever had (prime ribeye)!  A thin cut, but a fantastic crust, and somehow cooked a perfect medium rare.
4.  Did not receive my wine with my meal, waiter had forgotten, so I had to reorder and received wine half way through my meal.
5. Received the bill which included ~$60 in alcohol that we did not order.  It was removed.

Any one item above would not be worth mentioning, but all together detracted from the dining experience.   Hoping my second visit will be better.

The steaks are spectacular.STEAK! My fav place to get my fav food.

Oh Vintage, where to start. I have only had the joy of visiting you once but I am left with such fond memories that I am sure I will find an excuse to visit you again soon. I was there with quite a large party but we all received exceptional service from the very professional wait staff. The interior and ambiance is more upscale but still warm and welcoming. We got a few appetizers but the only one I remember were the giant seafood towers. The towers were an amazing display of a variety of fresh seafood selections. I believe there was crab, shrimp, oysters, and other delicious sea fare. The steak cuts and selections were impressive and I appreciated the presentation of the cuts prior to selection. My steak was cooked perfectly to order and I could not have been happier. The prices are obviously higher for this type of establishment, but it is worth the price!

Vintage I will be back whenever I have an excuse for the extravagance.I went here for a birthday dinner a few days ago. The five stars says it all.

The service was great. The staff were attentive but not too uptight.  The decor was a little more upscale than I expected. We were dressed pretty casual but we still felt comfortable.

Now lets get to the good part... the food! We had oysters casino for an appy. I've never tried oysters before but damn Vintage, you made me like them!

For our main course we had 10 oz New York with mashed potatoes, asparagus, and crab on the side. Let me start by saying I'm not crazy about red meat, but I heard that vintage had the best steak in town so I gave it a try. I was absolutely blown away by how perfect it was, especially with the red wine sauce. Everything else was so delicious, I would have had more if I weren't so full already.

Of course we had to save room for desert. Ever had baked alaska before? At Vintage its to die for.

Vintage, I'd visit you every week if I could afford you. Instead I'll have to settle for another special occasion but believe me, I'm looking forward to it!As a die-hard meat eater this Steakhouse is not to be missed. The atmosphere is as super chill, and the service fast and friendly. The Steaks.....OMG so good.  The entrés are not to be missed and my scallops for an  appy were also perfectly cooked.  This place us a Gem and not to be missed.I came here with my mom back in February 2016. We are in Alberta, so of course we had to venture to treat ourself to some beef. And we found it here at the Tavern. I had the best steak ever. It was cooked to perfection. There was so much flavour. That's it. Not much else to say besides it was amazing. The end.Enjoyed an excellent dinner.
My wife and I had the steak for two.
It was cooked perfectly.
Great service, wine and atmosphere.
Lots of parking around the corner on 10th AveWe went BACK to Vintage for a little redo of our previous experience, and boy what a time we had.  This time we were greeted by several wonderful hostesses all smiles and friendliness.  Our jackets were taken, we were shown to our very cool high bar table in the tavern.
Geri Lynn greeted us right away and took our drink order, menus were presented at time of arrival.  Geri Lynn is beyond adorable.  She was efficient, friendly, super dooper cute and everyone just loved her.  I think we annoyed the sh*t out of her though.
Our appies were the tuna tartare and beef tartare, both delicious.  Mains included the short rib x3, the lamb, tenderloin with bernaise, striploin.  Everyone over ate and groaned as they hugged their bellies full of delicious beers and beef.  Just delicious.
The most surprising part of the night was the bill, no desserts but we had booze and appies and it was 330 for 6 people.  I was thoroughly impressed given the quality of the meals and service.  An amazing experience, I'm so glad we went back.BEST steak in town! BEST lobster mac on the planet! Go ahead and TREAT yourself! Service is always TOP-NOTCH! Great place to come and listen to LIVE music with a glass of WINE and CUT-A-RUG if your feeling FRISKY! ...why not?!My friends and I treated ourselves to lunch at the Vintage Chop.  I have been by there so often and never went in.  It was so much bigger then I thought it was, and very nice decor.
Our waiter was very good - didn't bother us too much but was there when we needed something or had a question.  The food was very good, but I was so disappointed in the baked Alaska for dessert.  Not like any I have had before.  I would go back again and try their steaks next time.Great spot! The steaks are always cooked to perfection. The accompanying sides are mouth watering. I love the New York strip. The wine list goes on forever and the sommelier is always helpful in picking out the right one. This place is  great for a special night out or just because! Well worth it!I hop on a flight to Calgary for a fun filled weekend of adventure, nature and a wedding.  The entire weekend went without a hitch until the last day and a few hours before my flight back home. 

Why you may ask? Well I decided to try the Vintage Chophouse and Tavern for lunch. I mean I had to try the Alberta beef right? Wrong.... 

There was two of us and we both ordered the 18 oz bone in ribeye with the lobster mash as a side. I can safely say it left a lot to be desired for. The steak was chewy with so much fat that it was almost impossible to eat. The plate on which it was brought was too small for the steak. And the Lobster mash was cold. Frankly it looked like it was from last nights dinner service and was reheated. 

I left extremely disappointed and with $200 less in my pocket. I honestly thought about asking for a refund. For that kind of money I expected an amazing steak that I could rave about. Instead The Vintage will be something I will try to erase from my memory. Well that and getting stuck in an elevator while in Calgary only to be rescued by firefighters. However I did figure out that 911 is the same as it is in the states. :).Hooray for tasty food! My tuna steak was perfectly done and came with a side of incredibly tasty beets (including golden beets!). My companion has celiac as well as nut allergies and had no trouble finding many tasty options available on the menu. The staff were all excellent and attentive; I will be back.I've tried every steak place in Calgary, been to various places in US and Canada.  Have to say Vintage is still my number one place when it comes to their Rib Eye (I cannot bring myself to order anything else).  My opentable profile would awe anyone on how many times I've dined at this great steakhouse!

The staff has always been good and the ambiance is exactly what I look for, fits the bill with dining with friends in the  lounge bar side, and having dinner with the wife or family on the other..great ambiance, and did I mention the Rib Eye (med rare)...actual perfection!Hand's down best steak in Calgary. I've been here 6 times now and the service is great and food quality is consistently phenomenal. I have recommended Vintage to anyone I can and will continue to do so.Food was passable but horribly disappointed in the service. Our server was robotic and lackluster while explaining the meat cuts, acted like he wasn't even interested in being there. ?Manager in suit walked around to tables and asked how everything was to everyone except us. Happen to be (the only) young Asian couple.. suspect.  Will not be returning and will advise friends of the same.Fancy and expensive steakhouse but worth the $$$. There is lots of street parking available in front of the restaurant and on the entire street. There's also a paid parking lot available next to the restaurant. 

Went with a group of friends and got to try a bit of everything. The steaks come with a classic side but the sides are family style which means they are good for sharing. Massive portions for sides like the lobster mashed potato. 

Lobster truffle mac n cheese was one of the best I've ever tried! Just the perfect amount of cheesey goodness without being overwhelmingly greasy. I could've done without the lobster, I didn't feel it added much to the dish but I am also not a huge fan of lobster in general. 

My tenderloin was great - cooked perfectly, medium rare as I requested. Really tender and juicy. 

Other sides we tried were jalapeño creamed corn, bacon scalloped potatoes, beets, and onion rings. Mac n cheese was the best though. 

We tried a variety of the desserts - cheesecake (blueberry that day), baked Alaska, creme brûlée and lemon meringue. Cheesecake is a very classic traditional cheesecake, nothing out of the ordinary. I was pleasantly surprised with how good the lemon meringue was; perfect amount of sweetness and tart from the lemons. The baked alaska looked very pretty and was different from typical desserts at most restaurants. But the creme brûlée here was one of the best I've ever had. Perfect creamy consistency without the weird pudding like texture that some places make. Seriously, if you love creme brûlée, try this place!

I understand that this place is definitely one of the more expensive places to dine at. However, I think the quality of the food here is amazing and that you really get what you pay for. Don't eat here if you are concerned about what your bill is gonna total up to. I can't frequent this place for the sake of my wallet but would definitely keep this place in mind for special occasions and definitely recommend.A plastic and shallow imitation of a real steakhouse.

We've eaten in many steakhouses across Canada and the US. This is a sad and superficial restaurant. Save your calories--and your cash--by eating somewhere else.

The iceberg lettuce salad was covered in pudding-like dressing. Iceberg lettuce salad is such a trendy item these days. Either serve a classic version, or be inventive. The chef offered neither. The soup was cold and the seafood appetizer was like eating defrosted fish from your grocer's freezer.

As was the steak. Costco frozen meat tastes better than what they had on offer. However. the Vintages Steak Sauce is a lovely interpretation of a well-balanced steak sauce (Worcestershire, tomato, Tabasco sauce, oil and other ingredients).

The service was poor. The hallmark of any steakhouse is the old-fashioned service. Here, you'll find plastic service that is uneven, inattentive.

The other reviews on this page seem very positive. We're out-of-towners and don't have any nostalgia for this establishment. I think that if you like to drink a lot (they do have a great wine list) and are being taken out for a business lunch (and therefore will never complain)--or you are expensing the meal (and so, you really don't care what you eat), this is an acceptable place to eat. However, if you are expecting a classic steakhouse--go somewhere else.I was here with a friend for Big Taste lunch and was sorely disappointed in the service received. We've both been here before so we're familiar with the type of service at this establishment but it did not met expectations that day. Our reservation was past peak lunch time however the restaurant was still very busy and people were still coming and going. We waited a very long time inbetween our appetizer and main course. When our steak frites arrived my friend asked for ketchup when the server asked if he could bring us anything else. Well, no one returned with ketchup. Clearly we were forgotten. The creme brûlée for dessert was strangely buttery which is odd for creme brûlée since it's not made with butter. The service that day was definitely off. The server was not friendly and didn't offer anything to make the experience memorable. The appetizer and main course were good but dessert was a miss.Had the steak and the lamb. Both were delicious.
The service was nice and friendly.
He explained the different cuts of steak well - and showed us actual pieces of meat on a cutting board.
Dimly lit, romantic atmosphere.

we even had a 'vintage' dessert... the baked alaska! haha.
Great meal, great company.

There is live music Friday and Saturday nights at 10pm.Big restaurant, with a bar section. Dark wood dark leather jazz/blues music kind of ambiance. Good service, a bit on the overpriced side. Tried the tuna tataki with the honey carrots. Cooked perfectly, but I still think 35$ is too much for what is offered.Hands down my favourite place in Calgary for a nice dinner!!!I really enjoyed my experience here. We wanted to try Alberta beef and a few people had recommended this place. The waitress was knowledgeable about the food and wine. My steak was tender and flavourful.  

We had asked about the different cuts of meats, and got a very clear explanation, accompanied by the actual cuts of meat. This was the first time I've had this presented so clearly. We were told about everything from the best flavoured meats, and the temperatures that the meats should be cooked at. 

I ordered the New York strip after the chef's cut (Canadian Waygu) was all sold out. This was super disappointing. So I recommend ordering this first if you get the chance. The sides are all served family style and they have great selection. It's good to try different side dishes and share them amongst the table. I would recommend upgrading for the truffle macaroni. I also really enjoyed the beets. 

If you are looking for good Alberta steak go here.For the price point, we expected the service and food to be better than experienced. The waitress was very nice; however, she was too busy to manage our table. I had the double cut pork chop and she warned me that it was large. It was large but 50% fat so not that much left over. The brine contains fennel, which is not my favorite, so the flavor was not as enjoyable for me and not on the menu description.  The asparagus was undercooked and had a raw, bland flavor. On the bright side, my husband liked his tenderloin steak and the scalloped potatoes. The creamed spinach was also flavorful and served 2 people.  We finished our meal and sat with the plates for such a long time that we asked another server for dessert menus. She took pity and also cleared the table. Not great service for a traditional chophouse. It was not an awful meal, just not one that I would repeatThis has got to be one of my favourite restaurants!! The service is always impeccable; food is always to order; great selection on the menu and wine list. I just love it!The restaurant is beautiful inside and has a cozy atmosphere.  Service was great and included a talk about the different cuts of meat available which was very informative. Extensive wine list. 

We had the scallops which were amazing - perfectly cooked and flavorful, followed by the butcher's block cut (market price) and ahi tuna with truffle mac and cheese, bacon scalloped potatoes, and beets. The meat was fantastic and melt in your mouth (according to boyfriend). I had the tuna, which I didn't have huge expectations for at a steakhouse, but it was delicious as well. The beets and truffle mac and cheese were yummy and satisfying, but would skip the bacon scalloped potatoes next time. 

No live music when we went (which I'm grateful for) and overall was worth the bigger price.I can't believe how badly this restaurant dropped the ball, it's as if they have completely given up on providing exceptional customer service, and expertly prepared food... Yikes... when there are so many fabulous restaurants popping up every day in Calgary, it wouldn't surprise me if they closed their doors tomorrow..

We were at the Vintage Chophouse to celebrate a 50th Birthday, there were 16 in our group, and 15 of us ordered their steak expecting to have an amazing food experience. Based on the price, a person would expect exceptional service, which was not the case... Our waiter seemed to take drink orders 2 at a time. We waited an hour and a half for our meal... our apetizer was a lightly flavoured water disguised as French onion soup. When asked how much longer the meal was going to take an hour and a half in...our waiter "Justin" made no opoligies and said that our timing was bad and the kitchen was slammed and our main course will more than likely arrive later rather than sooner..
Alas our meal arrives and wouldn't ya know it there wasn't a steak in the room that was remotely warm!! Yup 27 bucks for a cold steak placed in the middle on a nice white plate... The only food that was hot was the scalloped potatoes which were very yummy. So if you are in the mood for some great scalloped potatoes go to Vintage, but if your in the mood for an expertly prepared steak leave it to the experts at Ruth Chris, or Char Cut.  We left the restaurant feeling completely violated having to pay for such all around bad experience....I vowed to spread the word.I will start by saying this food was top notch. However I am not leaving a review for the food. I was extremely impressed by the professionalism and pride of our server Jeremy. He took some extra time and explained to use about the beef, wine and other things around Town. The service was great, relaxing and was overall a great experience. Towards the end of our dinner, a live band started to play some tunes, it really added to the ambiance. After looking at some negative reviews if this place, it seems that only pretentious d bags have bad things to say. I'm a fan of good food, good service and friendly banter with my wait staff. This place fits the bill. It was worth every penny and if I ever find myself back in the Canadian tundra again I will forsure be backI have been to this restaurant multiple times and everytime I've been here, the service and food have been nothing short of amazing! I was here with a large group of friends and each pair shared a bone-in ribeye. We all got ours rare and they were phenomenal! The side dishes we ordered were shared among the six of us and there was more than enough to go around. I love their service, quality of food, and the ambience!Had high hopes based on reviews. I walked in with a party of 5 and had a cold reception from the host who just led us to a table in the corner and walked away without confirming if the location was OK.(the restaurant was not even close to full we arrived about an hour and a bit before closing.) The waitress came and took drink orders after about 15 minutes. She got my friends wine and mine backwards. I ordered a cab sav and my friend a malbec, quite distinct flavours. I also know the brand I ordered quite well as I have that brand and series in stock at home. When I pointed out that our drinks were backwards and we had already sipped from the glasses ( also the wines arrived poured from the bar.) The waitress began to condescendingly explain while eye rolling what a cab sav should taste like. She then said she would replace our wines which arrived another 15 minutes later. Our food arrived 5 minutes before closing time about 50 minutes after ordering. And the steaks were cold. We didn't see our waitress again until she came and dropped off the bill. The manager was gone so I just told whoever was at the front to check there staff because our experience was inexcusable. This restaurant is like a white BMW. Super nice looking on the outside but you know its chalked full of douche on the inside.Came in to Vintage late on a Friday night during a recent trip to Calgary. It was a couple of blocks from my hotel and I was very excited to try the much vaunted Alberta steaks. Louie my server was friendly and knowledgeable. Unfortunately that was the extent of the positives that night. For some reason there was no host(ess) when I arrived and after waiting a few minutes I had to flagged down a server to finally get seated. I ended up getting the New York steak with the Oscar topping. The meat, even for that cut, was quite chewy in some places. The béarnaise had a very poor consistency and looked and tasted like butter mixed with tarragon leaves. I had also informed the server that I'm allergic to shrimp so would only eat the scallops and to my surprise the steak was only accompanied by 2 scallops, which cost me $15. I'll look elsewhere next time I'm in town.Had a business lunch recently at Vintage Chophouse.  We had a nice private room with lovely oil paintings of the Rat Pack and music from that era.  The chairs were quite comfy around the large dining table.  You could easity sit 16 people around the table quite comfortably.

We ordered from the lunch menu and I had the daily soup - cream of tomato - ever so good!  The boss also ordered lots of appetizers for the group and I had the crab cake and calamari - they were both really tasty!  My entree was the steak sandwich - comes with either a salad, fries or soup.  I had the green salad with a vinagrette.  I love my steak rare and it actually came as I had ordered it.  

My colleague ordered the Beef Stew and he liked it.  It came with 2 cheese pastries.  Another colleague ordered the Beef Stragonoff on egg noodles - that was a huge platter.  Apparently, the waiter will ask how you want your beef done - for a stragonoff?  That's different!  Another colleague had fish and chips - looked really good with tartar sauce.  Yum!

For dessert, there was a light cake with raspberries and a light chocolate icing on the top.  Nice and light.

I would definitely try a different item next time, hmmm, maybe the Stragonoff.  I just wish the restaurant was nearer to the downtown core.Long overdue review.  

Made a last minute reservation here and the staff was very nice and helpful.  The food is a true Alberta steak experience.  I highly recommend this restaurant for anyone local or visiting to get a great YYC steak dinner. 
A M A Z I N G 

*I am normally a very picky diner but this place really satisfied me.  

Enjoy.Had a good steak, a side and a glass of wine = $100.  If you're looking for a place to impress you guest or try to close a big deal, this is it.Vintage Chop House, stands out as a premiere chop/steak house in all meaning of the word... Ambiance is quite taking and not overly crowded seating, the table next to you is not going to get any gossip as each table (at least where we were sitting) gives a group plenty of elbow room.

The food was slow to come, but was to perfection (take all the time you want and truly believe that they do this to make the night with friends even more special, so you can spend more time with a smile on your face), the sides are À la carte, but make sure you order each side for at least two or more people, as they are big portions. I could go for ever on the food, but I think that there food is well spoke for in other reviews, I will say, darn good job Vintage, darn good job indeed.

Prices are high and drinks are overly high, but we had no issue at all with the pricing, as everything was worth every penny spent, a great welcoming evening with friends and a staff that help make it that way... Do not pass the chance to spend a friend filled evening or your most important romantic end of a special day at the chop house it is as good as they say. 

The only issue of the night, that turned out to be a non-issue was there soda (mix) unit was not working, according to the waite staff, they ran down the street to Mac's and bought up all the mix needed with a very minimal interruption to the night, offered another cocktail in the place of that ordered, and we did not even notice... Why put this in the review if it was a non-issue, to show that they will make sure you night is perfect, even though issues arise.Steak was great! Shrimp were huge and very tasty. Oysters are VERY good. Escargot was the worst I have ever had I don't know what they were thinking when they put this on the menu.
Service on restaurant side was terrible in lounge great music and serviceVintage was one of those treat-yourself-because-you-deserve-it kind of places. On an trip to Calgary with friends on our way to Banff, we decided that we wanted to treat ourselves to Vintage and enjoy famous Alberta beef. With its swanky interior, we did feel a little out of place, but nonetheless, we were greeted and treated very well. 

FOOD: Lobster Mac and Cheese. Rib Eye. Prime Rib. Roasted Mushrooms. Sauteed Asparagus. Now let us say this was definitely an extravagant meal on our part, but luckily with the strong USD, the meal turned out to be affordable on the pocket, and great on the taste! The chophouse cuts are spectacular. Cooked to perfection (that nice medium rare), it was tender, fresh, and just got that right texture to it. The sides that can come along with, our favorite was the roasted mushrooms. There is something in those mushrooms that are to die for. For the Mac and Cheese, although not the star of the meal, it was definitely worth getting that kind of side to further indulge all of those taste buds. 

SERVICE: Oh that Canadian demeanor is always refreshing compared to our American curtness. 

Vintage is one of those Canadian steak establishments that is worth every dollar.Had the chowder and tuna tartare with avocado, both excellent, wine list is a little overpriced over other places by about an average of $10 per bottle

Service was great

Jazz in the background in the lounge

Must come back and try a steak one nightI went here with a couple of my girlfriends to have a girls weekend away from Edmonton.  We were having fun but it looked like our server was not in the mood for us. However,  he took the time to explain and give us information about each steak and how it is preferably cooked.  One of the girls and I asked for prime rib. We both have had beef tataki (Japanese rare steak appetizer) before...  But this steak was not done to medium rare (like we asked). Andy friend did not like her steak at all. He only came once to ask how as the food and by then we finished some of our steak and was soooooo hungry, that we didn't bother to tell him.  The steak was rare. There was blood and it was very tough to cut.  And both of ours were done differently as well.  Hers was more tough and chewy,  but mine was more easy to chew and cut. And I'm always in the mood for some creme Brule but...  It tasted like egg tarts. I didn't even finish it...

However,  there were some highlights....  The baked Alaska  was soooooo good.  And their sidea like lobster mash, scallops and the mushrooms were cooked to perfection!!!!! 

I'm kinda torn, if I should come back or not even bother.  But who knows!!!Great spot for a steak. With friends or your gal. Friday night live Jazz brings back memories of Montreal. Great service and food.We had a group (12 people) lunch today at the chophouse.  We arrived at 11:30 and were seated immediately.  Our server was friendly and took our beverage order immediately.
By noon, we placed all of our food order.  
By 12:45 our food still had not arrived, not even the bread and butter, nor our appetizers.  Our lunch organizer talked to the manager about the wait.  The manager apologized and showed up some bread immediately.
By 1:00, our appetizers started to show up.  I ordered the beef tenderloin carpaccio with fried capers.  Unfortunately, the carpaccio didn't have much favor.
By 1:20, none of our entree had shown up.  By looking around, there were several bigger tables still had no food and they are sat down the same time as us.
I end up had to leave without my seafood fettucini because I had a meeting.  My coworkers were kind enough to pack my fettucini for me and bring it back to the office.

The fettucini was lukewarm by the time it was brought back, But I quite enjoyed the sauce with a lot of garlic in it.  The shrimp was done right while I suspect the scallop would be pretty good if it was fresh.

It is a shame that I can't enjoy the food fresh and it took unreasonably long for the food to be served.  Will I go back one more time?  Probably yes.  I hope you have better luck than usThis is my third time at vintage and it never disappoints!! I had the 10oz prime rib, truffle mac and cheese and broccolini. The prime rib was cooked to perfection served with a very spicy but real horseradish. The truffle mac and cheese was
very rich as expected but was incredibly good. Broccolini was ordered just to add some veggie to the meal. Service was great, our drinks were ordered and served promptly. We had the chocolate molton cake for dessert as the carrot cheesecake was sold out for the evening. It definitely didn't compare to Joeys or Cactus club's molten cake but it was still good. Definitely try vintage for steak if you haven't. It's fantastic!Me and my dad were very excited to try this restaurant and we didn't even get to. We were there for 45 minutes and had to walk out because our waitress completely ignored us and hadn't even taken our food order yet. We were in the lounge and it wasn't even that busy. Terrible experience, very disappointed.This is on a par with the high end US steakhouses from a meat perspective, but at this price and level, needs a little more furnishing, better service and classic ambiance to compete with the likes of Capital Grille or the high end places. Great food, the lack of ambiance, the amateur wait service and quite terrible live music take away from what could have been a great steakhouse.We came in here for lunch with friends as we were driving through town and looking for a good Albertan steakhouse. 
We were promptly seated and given no I'll feelings towards our appearance (tired and in very comfortable clothing, a bit out of place among the downtown business crowd)
Food did not arrive as quickly as The Keg, from my experience,  but the steaks were cooked properly (I'm a medium-rare gal, and more often than not it turns out medium) and tasted great. We each ordered different cuts but were all satisfied. My bearnaise sauce, served on the side, was cold and had that film sauce gets when it's been sitting and chilled. Others ordered the peppercorn sauce and it was 'okay but not enough peppery bite to it'. 
Sides are served family style, so it was nice that we were able to share the mashed potatoes (smooth, good), mushrooms (divine!), and jalapeño creamed corn (good taste but no jalapeño kick to it). 
Great wine selection, promo service, and a fairly attentive waitress. I'd recommend to friends passing through town.One of my all time favourite restaurants in Calgary. Never disappoints great steaks with a pleasant atmosphere and stellar service.Don't judge, but our menu for 2 was:
- wedge salad
- chicken fried lobster
- prime rib
- truffle mac and cheese 
- mushrooms
- a side of bernaise and bread
- and a baked Alaska

Probably not a lot there that we wouldn't order again. Good sized portions which assured we would leave there full. 

Service was really fast, but it was oddly quiet there for a Friday night. Service was really friendly and helpful in giving recommendations.Yum, yum...definitely somewhere added to my favorites list.  Sexy ambiance, perfect for a cozy date with someone you want to spend time with.  Wait staff are fantastic and first rate!I keep coming back here.  Every year I eat here on my birthday because I know I won't be disappointed.  The service is amazing, the decor is very nice and classic, and the food is to die for.  If you want a really good steak I don't think there is anywhere better in the city.  The problem is that everything else on the menu is delicious too, so it's really hard to choose.  Luckily the sides are built for sharing.  The truffle mac and cheese and the lobster mashed potatoes are both must-haves.  I don't care if you're on a low carb diet, forget it when you come to Vintage.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the place.  

It's pricey, but well worth what you are paying for the quality of food you get.

Also the jazz band is a nice touch.We had been excited to try! Finally got to on a Friday night with resos.
It was quite busy when we arrived and had to wait at the front door for at least 20 min for our table. A little awkward as there is nowhere really to stand while you wait.  
The restaurant itself is quite nice and when we finally were seated, we were glad to be more in the interior, up on the second level. We waited another 20 min at least for our server to come by even just to fill our water glasses. He so obviously had been on break. It happens, but we found him to be flip, curt and not super helpful about the menu when he was at our table.
The service for Vintage almost downgraded the stars to a 3 overall but wow, the food here was good and made up for it. We were glad for the choice of coming here in the end.
We started with the Caesar salad which I have to tell you maybe have been the best of its kind I have ever had. Double smoked bacon, crisp, cool lettuce/lemon wedge with just the right amount of dressing and not too many croutons. Perfect. And large.
We also got the escargot which comes in a brown gravy sauce in a little ramekin with brioche for dipping.  This too was very good. Rich but delicious. 
We also got little sourdough rolls on the table, complimentary. You could tell these were "end of the night rolls" but they were the perfect size and the sourdough  taste really came through. They would have been a 5/5 had they been warmer and fresher.
We of course came here for steak. The 10oz Prime Rib starts at $29 and if you want any other type of steak it jumps to $44. Not having an expense account of any kind for this evening's dinner, we each went with the Prime Rib. Med Rare is the rarest we could have it so that was our choosing.
The sides... YUM. I love how you can pick a side to go with your meal here. Not like other places where all those are separate from the meat.
We opted for the asparagus and the onion rings. Oh, the onion rings, thanks to another reviewer here on Yelp that raved about them, THANK YOU x 1000! They were so good, quite possibly THE best onion rings I have ever had. Huge, well seasoned and crispy. 6 to an order and the asparagus was well cooked and plentiful too for sharing.
The Prime Rib served in its own jus cut through like butter and we were happy with all of our choices. We for sure had leftovers.
We had a beer and glass of wine respectively and no complaints about these offerings. 
The music playing was - odd to say the least. No top 40 here, no classic rock, I am not sure what it was. But, we were happy to see a band was setting up for live music.
Our server seemingly wanted to get out of there so he packed up our food to go, did not ask us about dessert and proceeded to bring us the bill. The credit machine automatically asks you for a 20% gratuity to be given even for 2 people. 
Ya, not deserved tonight.
We were meeting friends below for a drink in the lounge after dinner. 
WOW, you go down the stairs and into another world. From fine dining to a meet/meat market!
The band was great and it appears that every Fri they have someone new playing. I thought from what I read on line that they played Jazz here Fri nights but this is no longer so!
 We would perhaps come back here for a delicious dinner and give the service another go but may try another lounge afterwards for a different, less obvious hook-up scene.
DEF:
Meet market or meat market, is an originally pejorative term referring to two related phenomena:
a location or activity in which people are viewed as commodities and
a business like a nightclub where people typically look for a casual sex partner.Great food and even better service! This is one of the best places to eat in Calgary! Spend an evening here!!!My Husband and I were so glad we found Vintage online and tried it out!  We've been a few times now and it's been great every time!  The steaks are amazing and the Lobster Mac and cheese will not disappoint!  The jalapeño cream corn is oh so tasty!  If you're lucky, they'll have the turtle cheesecake!  Yum!  This is a definite must try for a lovely dinner out!I had lunch here last week with my bestie for Big Taste. The menu drew us in as it had some interesting elements. I had the french onion soup to start and my friend had the tomato salad. When I go out somewhere to eat, I tend to try their French Onion soup if they offer it because I love seeing how different places make it, and I really enjoyed this one. It was light but flavorful with just the right amount of cheese. Yum! I also snagged a bite of the tomato salad, which was also excellent. For my main I had the Thick Cut BLT which I thought would just be a regular BLT...boy was I wrong! This thing was HUGE!! As soon as the waiter put the plate in front of me, I assessed the situation and wondered how I was going to be able to eat it...when they say thick cut, they mean it. The pork was wonderful, all the flavors and textures of the sandwich came together really nicely. The only things I did not like was that the sandwich fell apart right away...a little messy. And although the pork WAS thick cut and tasty, unfortunately a few bites I had were just pure grease. To end the meal we had the sticky toffee pudding, which was TO DIE. I cant speak for the price, since the Big Taste menu was set at $25 (which I thought was fair for what we got), but the service was excellent, very friendly but not bothersome. I didn't get much of a chance to scope out the interior but it had a very classy feel to it, somewhere you could have a business lunch or a nice dinner. I will probably come back to try the much raved about steak.Great service but was not impressed with the steaks.  We had the ribeye, wagyu and sirloin and they were equivalent to "choice" in beef grade here in the USA.  The wagyu beef was should be well marbled and tender and it was not and the same with the ribeye.
I have been to Japan, Texas, New York, Las Vegas and the San Francisco Bay Area restaurants that serve some of the best beef in the world and was expecting Calgary on par.Food: 4/5
Service: 3.5/5
Ambiance: 3.5/5
Overall experience: 3.5/5

(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)

I rarely pay more than 30 dollars for a steak, but it was my lucky day and I was treated to a business dinner. We went on a Tuesday and it was packed! Then again it was during Stampede week. Nonetheless, Vintage is large with seating in the dining area or lounge. There was nothing notable or unique about the decor - very contemporary with large cushy seats and dim lighting to "set the mood".

Our waiter was friendly and cheerful, made a few jokes here and there, yet was direct. Although Vintage serves a fair amount of seafood, they are well known for their steaks (someone mentioned they only buy the top 1% of AAA Alberta beef). Prior to ordering, each table gets a quick rundown of the different types of steaks the restaurant serves - C.A.B. Tenderloin, Canada prime NY strip, C.A.B prime rib, prime rib eye, or prime rib chop. 

Our waiter brought out a wooden board filled with raw cuts of meat, and went through what each one was, where it was located in a cow, the taste, and how it should be prepared. This was also his time to present us with their special cut of the day. A very unique touch to the dining experience and helps steak newbies decide what to order.

Their menu consists of chilled seafood appetizers (~$15-$20): oysters, shrimp and lobster cocktail, and tuna tartar; Regular appetizers ($11-$20): onion soup, escargot, crab cakes, scallops, and beef tartar; salads; seafood pastas; and Seafood mains like lobster, salmon/halibut steak and tuna (~$34). 

Expect to spend at least $40 for a 10oz steak with prices increasing for 14oz, 16oz, and 18oz cuts. Each steak includes your choice of a classic side which are perfect for sharing with a group of people. I guarantee you will leave feeling full!

I ordered their beef tartar which I highly recommend for anyone who hasn't tried the dish before. There was about 2-3oz portion of fresh finely cut raw beef with truffle, onions, a beautiful egg yolk on top, and a small pile of mixed greens on the side. You can eat it straight up or spread over the pieces of baguette they provide. It was divine... the flavours were well balanced, not overpowering, and you get a hint of beefy taste. Perfect for sharing too!

For the main I got a 8oz C.A.B Tenderloin ($37) medium rare. It was cooked perfectly with a beautiful smokey crust (not burnt) and the meat was velvety, melt in your mouth goooooood! The only negative is that they didn't let my meat rest long enough so there was a streak of blood on the plate and more juices came out when i cut in. It was still good nonetheless. Our table shared the following sides: 

- onion rings: they were gi-normous! Salty and a little soggy.
- bacon scalloped potatoes: perfect side to go with steak!
- sauteed asparagus: perfectly tender and drenched in butter.
- wild mushrooms: they were only okay...nothing special other than sauteed in butter.
- creamed spinach gratin: I was confused with the gratin part but it was essentially creamed spinach which reminded me of baby food

Overall, the sides were a bit disappointing since the seasoning was a little off or they just drenched everything in butter and grease which was a little off putting.

I can't say much about the rest of their menu, but I certainly had an excellent time and the steak was delicious! I enjoyed the 'atmosphere' and it is definitely a nice place to take a group of friends to.Eat in the Lounge.

Vintage Chophouse I dare to say is just like any other expensive steakhouse. It features waiters that have a bit of an "edge" outfitted in butcher lab coats (so lame) carrying a tray of meat showing various cuts. The standard cuts with sides and a smattering of seafood define a lot of chop houses. Except at Vintage, there were no (veal) chops.

They also did not have a Porterhouse which is a very popular cut. And while the meat is good, our group did not find the final product to be as good as Hys or Ruth Chris or many others. The waiter is our case seemed to overlook the fact that the five of us were settling in a seemed to scowl when we said we needed more time.

So are far as the product goes, it is definitely good but not awesome. In terms of the setting, we had a drink in the lounge later and all agreed that we should have ate there. The service was very attentive and friendly.I have to rate this place with 5 stars... The wine was excellent! The appetizers were delicious, they have the best crab cakes in town!! And the oysters were very good too!! The steak was awesome! Definitely delicious!! For dessert I had lemon pie and it was great too... The service was great! Our waitress was very friendly ... In addition, the ambience is super cool... They have live music on Saturday nights... I definitely would go back to this place!!!Had a great Wedding Anniversary experience last night. Food was amazing and our server Louie was outstanding. He was engaging, attentive and made a fantastic recommendations on wine. Menu has a delicious selection of appetizers and the Rib Eye was cooked to perfection. Great atmosphere/ambiance in the dinning room for a special night for 2. Try the lounge if dinning room isn't your thing. 

A definite recommend and great representation for a YYC Steakhouse.Damn.  Good food, bad service.  What do you do?  Well, I emailed the manager, unfortunately they never replied.  Blargh!  As someone who was a server for years, there is just no excuse for poor service.  Especially on a Tuesday night when it's not busy.

Upon arriving, there was no hostess.  We found our party and proceeded to the table, thus our jackets were never taken.  When our server discovered we'd arrived, we did not receive any additional menus for the table....5 people, 3 menus.  This went on for a while... sadly.  At least we're good at sharing?

 It took about 15 minutes for the server to take our drink order, I ordered coffee.... but the coffee never came.  I had to ask for the coffee.. he rushed off to make it.  40 minutes after we'd arrived, he'd finally taken our dinner order.

The appies came out promptly, and were delicious.  We ordered the Beef Carpaccio and Beef Tartare for the table.  Stupid Vintage.. why is your food so good?  I'm mad now. The way Kristen Wiig was in Bridesmaids when she drinks the pink lemonade.   Our mains arrive, I have the short rib.  Unreal, just unreal.  

*Sigh*. When we left, we had to wait a while for the hostess to come back to give the other guests their jackets.  This is sad, here's why.  It was my mother's birthday and we wanted to take her somewhere special, somewhere where only the hippest Calgarians spent their birthdays.  When your beautiful mother deserves the best on her birthday and doesn't get it, it's disappointing.  I'm just glad we were able to provide mediocre company.

The idea that I emailed the manager and advised of the occasion and experience and never heard back is sad.  Feedback is important and I wasn't a bag about it.  It was more of an FYI.  It's too bad they didn't want to offer us an opportunity to give them a second chance, I would probably have taken it.PERFECTION!! We have been here 3 times now and it has been exceptional everytime. We each ordered the 14oz Ribeye with the side asparagus and truffle oil mac n cheese. I have never had a steak that good in my life and thats saying something special! The sides were terrific...really miss the bone marrow mashed potatoes they had on the menu last year, sounds scary- but trust me- YUM! The wine selection is great and for dessert we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Hand down the best dessert, we are still talking/dreaming about it today. Very pricey but worth it for special occasions. Service was excellent, def a good idea to make a reservation, esp on the weekends.Cant wait to go back in June!!Husband took me here last night. I really liked the layout of the restaurant (nice tables, good lighting and a great bar area). I also really liked the jazz music...playing Sinatra etc. our food was delish! Lobster mashed potatoes taste like heaven and I could eat the creamed spinach as a whole meal. Steak cooked perfectly and a massive wine list. My only complaint is that our mains came out too fast! Literally seconds after I finished my soup so I was sooooooo full I could barely eat my steak. At a restaurant like this, I like to take my time in between. We usually wait to order our main until after we have our appies but the waiter asked if we would like to order all at once so we did. Won't do that again. Service was excellent. Hy's isn't still my top steak place in Calgary but Vintage is a close second!I had a evening meal here on my first visit to Calgary from the UK Nov 2009  Arts Hotel reception staff recomended it to me.  It was just a short walk from the hotel.  I ate there mid week and I must say the food and ambiance are both first rate.  The staff were helpful curtious and very efficent. I've mever before seen waiters and their managment "runing" to serve customers through out the 2 hours I was there. A bit on the expensive side but realy very very good. I will be going back in January 2010 with my pal from Houston Tx

Oh a word of caution this area and that around Arts Hotel appears to attract more than its fair share of down and outs.  These men and women seem to go out of their way to irritate people around them. Beware.....

Rgds
MichaelWrote a review last year on my old account. Returned this year for our anniversary again and blown away by the service and food again! So, so amazing. Great quality food and drinks, we will keep returning here for special occasions!Seriously the best Ribeye in Calgary! Friday nights are fun with a live band and the tapas menu is devine!Food is as always phenomenal. Great service. Came here with my boyfriend. They seated us in this private table that wasn't out in the open. Definitely worth the money.Reading the reviews of others showed that they were very inconsistent.  I almost didn't go, but decided to anyway.   For most of the meal, it was an excellent decision.  Unlike many others, I found the seating process and the waiter to be friendly and attentive.

We decided not to have an appetizer and save ourselves for dessert.   BTW they have an excellent wine list and we ordered a decently priced Pomerol.  Also, we ordered the Rib Chop for two, mid rare, and sides of fingerling potatoes and carrots along with a demi sauce.

The wine was awesome.  The Rib Chop was cooked perfectly and one of the best steaks I've ever had.  The potatoes were cooked with duck fat and were delicious.   For some reason, instead of carrots we received beets, but they were excellent.   The Demi never arrived and we didn't ask for it as we didn't want to wait on it.   All was fine as the food was so great!   But these small flaws could cause others not to enjoy themselves.

So why the low rating?   The dessert.   We ordered a chocolate brownie with peanut butter topping.   The whipped peanut topping was great but the brownie was disgusting.   There was nothing brownie about it.  And not much chocolate about it either.   My wife took one bite and decided it was undercooked.   I marshaled on not wanting to give up as I rarely leave a chocolate crumb.   Made it half way.   The 'brownie' was three dense disks that tasted like bad, uncooked, almost tasteless dough.  If the owner or chef had ever tasted this item it would not be on the menu.   First dessert I've ever been disgusted by.    Terrible end to an otherwise great dinner.After being seated (promptly and with a smile), we were greeted by our professional, and just the right amount of attentive server. He was was lovely; very friendly without being intrusive, and with a great knowledge of the menu to provide helpful advice whenever we had questions. Vintage has a nice variety of cuts and even types of meat, with a wide range of sides and accompaniments to pair with your entree. I had one of the best, if not THE best, steaks of my life (a 14 ounce rib eye, perfectly charred and delicious), while my husband enjoyed the New York strip (cooked perfectly and very tender). Even the sides were great! We had the bacon scalloped potatoes, truffle mac and cheese (hands down the best of a medley of top notch sides), and a wonderfully lemony grilled asparagus. We finished the meal with a lavender Key Lime pie that we didn't have enough room for (but finished anyway with no regrets!). A killer meal with stellar service and a warm, comfortable atmosphere - arguably the best meal we had on our trip!Steakhouse in downtown Calgary.

The staff was very friendly and I loved the ambiance and decor. The music and lighting made for a romantic evening.

Our waiter was very personable and attentive. He took the time to talk to us and give us tips on places to go while we were visiting.

I had the filet mignon which was spectacular. For our sides we had the mashed potatoes and truffle macaroni and cheese. The potatoes were good but the macaroni could have been better.

We thoroughly enjoyed our evening.My wife and I stopped here for dinner a couple of nights ago.  The service was excellent!  Our server brought a meat board explaining the cuts of beef.  The wine list has a selection of wines from all over the world.

I had a striploin steak which was quite good.  It was cooked a little more than I had requested, but it had a good char which added flavour.  My wife had the seafood pasta which she also enjoyed.

All in all a pleasurable experience.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Calgary.Phenomenal steak, great service and awesome drinks. Will be back there again. Definitely order the Mash potatoes with your steak as they go well together.I've been sitting here 2 hours and we've eaten our appetizer and when we finished the bread arrived. We are a table of 16 with reservations and no menses for 40 minutes. The waitress was good but one person wasn't enough for a table this big. With reservations at 8pm we won't eat until 11pm. In a down economy and very expensive restaurant I would expect exceptional service and not the case. Very disappointing. Not worth the $45 steak with one side dThe food was very good.  The ribeye steaks were cooked perfectly.  The beets and fingerling potatoes with duck confit were delicious, but the waiter, although attentive, was not all that friendly; and came off as quite pretentious.  When we asked if he had Ripasso wine he said he had no Chianti Ripasso.  I always thought there was Valpolicella Ripasso, never Chianti.  He said yes, it's Chianti Ripasso, and Ripasso refers to the region the wine is from.  When I told him I thought it referred to the process of the way the wine was made he said no.  Look it up!  I guess I'm not a connoisseur, and I wasn't so irked by the fact he thought he was right and I was wrong, I just didn't like the way he presented himself which is too bad because the food is good.One of my favourite steakhouses in town. Came here with a friend for Japanese Wagyu but they didn't serve it during lunch so we went with the Alberta Wagyu instead. Such a nice tender cut of beef cooked to perfection and melts in your mouth. Paired it up with a nice glass of red wine and a couple of side dishes (they do their sides very well). Service was really good and wasn't even something we had to question or worry about. Things just happened and we enjoyed our time.Count on-able steak in Calgary.
I have been hosting dinner here for groups large and small and the staff here executes flawlessly every time.  They know how to work groups doing business. I dined with a friend on a non-work night for dinner and the service was impeccable. 
Steaks are always done perfectly and the side dishes were all excellent. 
Chocolate Lava Cake is a must have to finish off the evening.
Keep up the great work Vintage!!Overall, a positive experience.  However, Vintage seemed a bit more expensive than the other steak houses in the area.  The prime rib was acceptable - it was cooked appropriately, but under-seasoned, and definitely a bit cold.  The sides however (broccolini and mashed potatoes) were very nice, redeeming the prime rib to some extent.Vintage is an excellent lunch and dinner establishment with great food, wine list and service. Great menu selections, with steak being the house specialty. 

Vegeterians won't be disappointed as the fish is fabulous and the salads you can order at lunch will keep you satisfied. The restaurant has a high end bar area with a full menu and live music some evenings.

A great place to take clients, spouse or date. There is also a private room for larger groups.One of Calgary's best places to get a steak, hands down. They are quite expensive but you are getting what you pay for
The wine-list is large and well rounded and if you're not sure then the waiter will provide  a recommendation. The appetizers are simply amazing with the mussels being the Pièce de résistance (they taste the same as mussels you would get at a nice restaurant on the coast.) and finally the steak is tender and juicy and not to mention done exactly as you ordered it. I only go here about once a year but I relish it every time. Enjoy!My experience was lovely.  Classic steak house feel, wonderful,attentive bartenders  (Derek and Brad) and lovely host (Jennifer). Clean, nice feel, DELICIOUS meatballs. Live music, not the bessssst, but fine. Overall, nice comfy feeling.Came here for our anniversary tonight. Excellent service and incredible food and drinks. Will be coming back for sure!!!!I've had business lunches here on a number of occasions and I've never been disappointed. The food is consistently good and is usually promptly served by attentive and attractive staff. A great wine list although somewhat pricy. All in all, it's always a pleasure dining at Vintage! A big thank you to Sarah who served us today!One of our fav steakhouses in Canada. This is coming from Mastro (west coast) steakhouse elites! lol
Service is always great here and they go above and beyond to make your meal great. Came here prob 3 times since we moved to Alberta and enjoyed each occasion. Came for an anniversary dinner a couple weekends ago and they had a lovely booth set up in the back with complimentary champagne. It was really sweet and a thoughtful way to begin our dinner. My fiance is a meat eater and me a vegetarian BUT they have great options for veggies. And their beets are AMAZING! Wow yellow and red beets, so big and juicy - they are a side item but so good!
Last time we were here we ordered
Apps:
ESCARGOT FRICASSE - the waiter was very informative about this dish, he noted it is not like normal escargot (i wouldn't know but my fiance liked it) Roasted oyster mushrooms, cream sauce $14
Tomato Salad - Seasonal Tomato, local mozzarella $12
Mains:
I had the Vintage Chopped for my main and it was HUGE (Chick peas, mushrooms, honey balsamic $12)
CANADA PRIME RIB EYE 14 oz $39
Sides (we LOVE sides - plus great for a vegetarian):
roasted mushrooms $10
red & gold beets $10
bacon scalloped potatoes $10

Overall everything was great with big portions! 
Love this place and def will be back :)I don't consider myself to be a "foodie" by any means but I can say this, WOW!  Service was amazing, the ambiance was incredibly cool yet sophisticated, and the food itself was incredible.  Our drinks took a little time to get to our table, however our sever was very attentive and was sure to bring us water and finished taking our order promptly.  The speed at which we received our food was very impressive.  We started out with crab cakes to share- get them! - and just as our empty plate was taken away our main courses arrived immediately. The prices are high but you certainly get what you pay for.  I don't have a negative thing to say about this place. Will definitely be back in the near future! Great place to take prospective clients as well.A friend and I popped into the Tavern side of Vintage Chophouse for a glass of wine and a quick bite to eat after work. Where other spots typically are busy come the 6pm Friday crowd, Vintage was surprisingly not. We seated ourselves at the bar and ordered or drinks followed by a salad to munch on.

The interior is lovely, it's a darker decor, wasn't overly loud and there were a few other groups that were enjoying themselves as well. When it came time for my salad, a cloth napkin was set down on the wood as a place mat before my bowl. For interior and service, Vintage gets a 4. We were well taken care of.

The salad didn't really do it for me though. I ordered the Vintage chopped chick pea salad. I was expecting a bowl full of chick peas with some other veggies sprinkled in. Instead, I got a bowl full of chopped up lettuce with a few chick peas. Not as impressive as i would've thought for chophouse.

I'd be back to try more, but I'd go for a full meal next time... and maybe skip the salads if the rest are like this one was.Can I say rib eye? I was a bit jealous when I saw the boys' rib eye some out and started to drool. Fortunately it was too much food for 2 men, so I was able to steal a piece. It was cooked perfectly, and melted in my mouth. I ordered the ahi tuna. This fish was crusted in blackened sesame seeds, with the most delicious sauce drizzled over it. Our sides for the table were broccolini, asparagus, and scalloped potatoes. The veggies were perfectly crisp, and the calorie packed potatoes are to die for!I love thick steaks, big side dishes and stiff drinks.  You get it all here.  The star of the meal was the beef tartare appetizer.  A very big serving of beautifully seasoned, chopped steak with a raw egg cracked on top was stunningly beautiful and memorable to eat.  It is a dish that makes Vintage unique.

The 18 ounce rib-eye was thick, charred outside, bloody inside and heavily seasoned.  A steak eater will not be disappointed.

To me the drawback is that the prices are 10% to 15% higher  than other comparable, luxury steak houses in the city, so I can't give full marks even though it met all my expectations.  Calgary is a very competitive, luxury steak house market.Vintage Chophouse is solid, but not anywhere close to what I would call "the best steak I've ever had".

First of all, my expectations were off because their lunch menu says that dinner options are available in addition to the special plates, burgers, etc that they offer at lunch.  So I went there wanting to try the short rib, but they don't serve that at lunchtime.

No problem, I ordered a tenderloin lunch and asked if I could get creamed spinach with that.  Nope, creamed spinach is only at dinner time.  Very strange.

So, definitely check this place out and see how it performs to your palate, but come at dinner time when the good stuff is being served.This restaurant's food is really really delicious. Amazing quality and so savoury! The only thing I wasn't impressed with was the live music. Maybe it was just the band that one evening, but it was very very loud, and the music didn't match the theme or vibe AT ALL.I have eaten here a few times over the years and recently enjoyed a Christmas supper with friends.  I have to say that the meal was great but the service was pretty slow.  We were a number of tables so I have to assume that the large (although scheduled) party must have been the reason for the slow service.
I had steak, as did everyone at our table.  It was good.  So was the salad, the desert, the sides, everything.  Good.
It was not cheap but if you ever get value at a downtown Calgary "high-end" restaurant I guess I feel I did.Soup of the day was a broccoli soup that was served cold.
Beef tartare was ok but a bit salty, same with the scallops.
Steak tasted good but was paired with cold mashed potatoes and cold asparagus. Not at all impressed with Vintage.Husband took me here last night. I really liked the layout of the restaurant (nice tables, good lighting and a great bar area). I also really liked the jazz music...playing Sinatra etc. our food was delish! Lobster mashed potatoes taste like heaven and I could eat the creamed spinach as a whole meal. Steak cooked perfectly and a massive wine list. My only complaint is that our mains came out too fast! Literally seconds after I finished my soup so I was sooooooo full I could barely eat my steak. At a restaurant like this, I like to take my time in between. We usually wait to order our main until after we have our appies but the waiter asked if we would like to order all at once so we did. Won't do that again. Service was excellent. Hy's is still my top steak place in Calgary but Vintage is a close second!it was a real treat. We had a kid named Jake taking care of us. He was really good with all the cuts of meat and helped us make some tough decisions. The food was so good and the steak was buttery. 

Mac and Cheese was phenomenal and loved the onion rings. 

Olde Fashioned was made right and they were prompt with more water for us.

Baked Alaska was a great finish to the meal. 

Thanks to my Friend for the recommendationDropped in for lunch wanting to try a great Alberta steak, but was informed after I got there that I was not allowed to bring my 2 kids! Surely the steaks must be great for them to not serve the family segment. I thought I was crazy for wanting to bring my family to a steakhouse, after all I never had such problem in New York. I called Caesar's steakhouse and lounge and fortunately was able to get a great steak there with my family.

So, likely great steak but not family friendly. Figure I would leave a review to help other families. After all I had paid for parking and then had to leave for another location. Strangely, parking costs in Calgary are really high!Want to hear something funny? I went to the Vintage Chophouse full well knowing that they have nothing vegetarian on their menu and guess what? I had one of my all-time favourite vegetarian meals here. Weird eh?

A bunch of friends and I went over this weekend and when the waitor came by and found out I was a vegetarian, he just smiled and said no problem. He went and talked to the Chef and they custom-made me one of the most delicious meals I've ever had!

What I noticed most was that their ingredients were ridiculously fresh, and the fact that the service was some of the best I've ever experienced, made Vintage one of my all-time favourite fine dining experiences in Calgary.

I know it's funny, but the next time your vegetarian friend says 'Yes, Vintage Chophouse is one of my favourite restaurants in the city', you may want to laugh, but trust me, I'm right there with 'em.Visited with a co-worker while traveling in February and this was lovely spot for dinner. Our waiter was super nice and helpful with cut selection. Meal and dessert were both delicious.Second time here with friends. Great ambient, great service, good foods. A classy steak place for a night out and there is a live band after 9 pm later at night. Foods are a bit on the pricey side for the type of foods serve, its good but nothing really wow to me. The seafood plater is worth to try for a group party if you up for seafood. Would still come back for the odd occasion.Both times I went to Vintage were great. The service is professional; The staff is experienced and have obviously been trained well. 

Food: I've had the ribeye and the tenderloin, if you want to share a they'll slice your steak in strips and all the sides 
are great. 

Ambience: you can have private conversations in large private rooms or comfortable booths all around this spacious restaurant. The tables are gorgeous, the lighting is gorgeous, the cutlery and table settings are just right and what you would expect from a high-end steakhouse. The band is awesome. They are on the beat, people get up and dance and have a good time, and it adds a little something extra to your evening.

Also, this place is close to the Saddledome so if you want a nice dinner before or after the game this is a good place to go.Went to Calgary to visit our daughter and her boyfriend, and treated the poor university students to a special dinner. Had never been to Vintage, but the reviews were solid, and the wine list extensive, so we made a reservation for Saturday evening.

Great old steakhouse atmosphere, and a very professional waiter greeted us with a platter of raw steaks, introducing us to their various cuts, including the massive bone in ribeye and porterhouse.

We started with a cocktail, i was disappointed to learn they were out of the Last Best IPA, so i settled for an old fashioned, as did our daughter's BF. She had a French 75, and my wife a Caesar, all good if a bit pricey. They decanted a bottle of Yangarra GSM while we ordered our appetizers, the beef tartare, a beer salad, a wedge salad, and some grilled scallops with pork belly. They were all excellent and ample portions.

For our mains, we had a 12oz tenderloin, a 14oz ribeye, an 18oz ribeye, and an 8oz tenderloin with Oscar topping. We shared roasted mushrooms, honey baked carrots, Yukon Gold whipped potatoes, jalapeno creamed corn, and truffle mac and cheese. The steaks were all cooked exactly to order, which i find to be less common than it should be, and they were excellent.

We followed with a bottle of Antinori Il Bruciato, one of my favorites, and it did not disappoint, an excellent choice with the rich cuts of meat.

We were too stuffed to consider dessert, and stumbled out very much satisfied. The service was professional and attentive but not intrusive, and the food was excellent all around, no one was disappointed in anything. Perhaps a tad pricey all around, but it was an excellent experience.

Would definitely recommend.Mac n cheese is great even without the lobsterEscargot is terriable!One of the best creme brûlée in YYCFreemark Abby Chardonnay was  a great white wine!mmmmm steak!Ni children allowed anywhere in the restaurantExcellent beef with great flavours and flourish.If you have black pants on ask for a black napkin! They have them here.Looking forward to big Alberta steak #mestwestSTEAK!!! Great presentation by LouiePhenomenal steak, great service and awesome drinks. Will be back there again.Excellent steak, service and ambiance Super cool ambience and music!!.. This is a great place for a Friday or Saturday night!!.. I had soooo much fun there!!.. Also the drinks were good... If you want to have a good time, this place is just perfect!!...Went here for a birthday dinner because I wanted to experience Schnitzel...and I am still on the hunt for a proper Schnitzel. Wurst is a good looking place which tries to cover the fact that there food is not so up to par. I mentioned to one of the staff that I did not enjoy my meal and she just shrugged it off trying to defend the place. The portion sizes are not that great either for a "German" bar restaurant, so don't go if you are looking for a good German meal. The service  was great though.Came here as per a recommendation from a friend and after reading great reviews online.

Cool atmosphere, service was great, food was better

Best of all - I had a small problem with my order and the manager compt my whole meal and brought the whole table shots!Our favourite spot to hoist a stein and enjoy some great German food. Upstairs is a perfect spot to enjoy brunch on the weekend. The beer hall downstairs is always a good time although it can get a bit rowdy. Our go-to place to watch Bayern Munich and Die Mannschaft play!Went there on Sunday for fondue it was NOT good.
The cheese fondue was heavy, thick and chunky...not supposed to happen?? The "veggies" they served with it felt like they had been defrosted from the freezer and were served very cold and in big chunks making it hard to eat and not pairing will with luke warm cheese.

We weren't happy with this at all.

Plus our server seemed scattered dealing with a 6 top behind us and paid very little attention to our table.After three less than memorable visits to this restaurant I'm still not sure what is going on in the kitchen but it doesn't work for me. Supposedly the theme is German but it isn't German food a German would recognize as such. Some of the menu and flavour combinations are just downright odd.  For example, I love mashed potatoes and eat them a lot but mashed potatoes heavily seasoned with nutmeg? Huh? How about bratwurst, a German delicacy. OK but really spicy bratwurst? Doesn't work at all. I think I've given this place a fair shot but the steep prices combined with the less than enjoyable dishes won't have me coming back.I held my book launch at Wurst Wunderbar. Great service and the event went beautifully. Lots of people had meals upstairs and at the event. Delicious. Wunderbar!Went to wurst to watch game of thrones and it was fun. Realized however dinner for two and a round of beers would have paid for my monthly subscription to HBO so take that with a grain of salt before making the reservation. Everyone was very polite while watching the show

The Dom burger was just bland. Not worth  - would have had a better burger at fast food - extreme warning to stay away from wasting your money. Fries were a redeeming feature.

The chicken brie sandwich however was extremely tasty. They pulled that one off well so I would highly recommend that one.Oktoberfest! Need I say more? Had a great time, good beer and yummy food.
These guys do it right. I highly recommend. Das boot - 2 Ltrs of tasty brew in a boot shaped mug. Truly an ass kicker. Helps wash down the great sausages and kraut. EnjoyI met up with 2 friends here last night for dinner and drinks and had a great time. It was my friend's idea to go there and I wasn't sure at first because I had been there once before and wasn't overly impressed by it.

Last night however, was a different experience. We sat at a booth and ordered drinks. My friends both ordered the sampler packs, and I was overjoyed when I saw Steigl Radler on their beer menu. They have my favourite beer! And it was only 6.5$, which is considerably cheaper than the other place in town that carries this beer.

On to the food. I ordered the lamb crepe because I had read that it is big enough for a meal. To be safe, I also ordered onion rings. I was hungry, and wanted to make sure my meal was filling. My friends got the prime rib and the bison short ribs. The food came at a decent time, and the portions looked HUGE. My friend's prime rib was a HUGE HUNKERIN' slab of meat. We wondered how the hell he was going to eat that. My lab crepe was a really good, and very tasty. It was savoury, cheesy and very filling. Definitely more of a MEAL than an appetizer. The onion rings were good, but my personal preference leans on the crispier side. I had a bite of my friend's prime rib - and - o.m.g. - I had a moment with that piece of meat in my mouth. My eyes closed, and the noise drowned away for a few seconds.. It made me feel like I hadn't had meat in years. It was juicy, succulent, flavourful, and just really, REALLY GOOD. In fact, I want to tell everyone that anytime you are craving a phenomenal steak/prime rib or anything of that sort, consider Wurst. It is fantastic! 

Wurst's menu is very very pig-centric, so I cannot try TOO many things on their menu, but from what I did try, I was definitely impressed. And bonus points for carrying my favourite beer.The ambience of the upstairs is wonderful. The best way to describe it is pretty, I love the tree in the middle. The food however was nothing special. I found all the meat was dry and the side dish (veggies) were bland. My caesar was also nothing special and was not  how it was described on the menu. For the price of the food I found the quality did not match. The downstairs of Wurst is reminiscent of a German tavern. It can get busy so I suggest going early. The lighting is dim and on more than one occasion I hit my knee while trying to sit down at the long communal tables. It is a good place for large groups, and has a fun atmosphere. But other than that this place doesn't have much else to offer, not really sure why this place is so popular.I came here with my girlfriend for her birthday, the place was very hectic so you should avoid it if you are looking for a quiet night. The food and service was subpar, but I understand it was a very busy night. I give 3 out of 5 because I think it is a good place for afternoon beers + burgers in their patio. But I really hope they improve their service.I visit many German restaurants throughout North America when I'm on business. I found this one to be extremely good. There was plenty of clientele, and choices of draft beer. My schnitzel was cooked well and they were nice vegetables on the side. The staff was very friendly, in the food was a good value for the money.When I walked in I was struck by the amazing tree they have in there with the twinkling lights, very creative!
Good food, only a little too fatty. Our waiter was extremely nice, took his time by explaining the menu to us, as we had a lot of questions.
The ambience is really nice.. well over all I'll definitely come back to Wurst.So this review is of the top level only, I'm not even sure if there is a difference. It was the Sunday of St. Patty's day weekend and we were doing a mini pub crawl thing. 

Our friend even knew the bartender and we will were ignored. We came in, there was maybe a handful of tables with patrons and we sat up at the bar, as that was our mission, quick drink and onto the next place. We were there for a solid 15-20 minutes before we were even acknowledged, after that we decided this was unacceptable, had a quick shot and left.The good:   Downstairs is a party!  It's actually one of the best times I've had during my short stay in Calgary!  Beer selection is HUGE!

The bad:  Overpriced in my opinion.  But, it's similar to any German/Oktoberfest themed place I've ever gone to.  The food and the beer is WAAAY marked up!  $38/person for the platter (minimum 2 people) and the platter wasn't even that big!

But I did have a good time, they played the right songs and I've never ever seen so many people at one time get up on their bench to start dancing and  singing together to the following tunes: Don't stop by Journey and Friends in Low Places by Garth Brooks ever.Wow. Wurst is the worst. I've lived in Calgary for 27 years and we have some pretty decent night life and restaurants, but Wurst showcases the most unfavourable of calgary's culture. It's like a Tinder playground where you won't feel like you fit in unless you are balls to the wall wasted. Leave your soul and dignity at coat checkGood food, pricey beer though.

You get good size portion.  I had the bratwurst platter and loved the sausages.Hands down the best place for German food and drink. Ladies be prepared because this isn't really the place you go to for a light meal. If you are ready for a hearty meal this is the place to go to. Beer is available in small sampler flights or 2L boots. Downstairs is more of the beer hall atmosphere and upstairs has a nice restaurant feel to it. This place is definitely on my list of favs for Calgary dining.*Insert joke using a "worst" pun here.*

Everyone do the poor wait staff a favor and stop making those puns. You don't think they've heard all of them? I wince when I see one of the poor staff fake a chuckle at the terrible wanna-be-comedy expressions produced by the patrons who have one too many boots for their own good.

Anyways, getting to the review, do you like beer? Do you like fresh oysters? Do you like a friendly atmosphere? Well you're in the right place. Wurst is a great place to go for dinner (upstairs) or just for drinks (downstairs). The food is generally really good with the exception of the schnitzel. I'm confused why a German inspired bar would have a poor quality German dish but unfortunately that is the case. The other German dishes, on the other hand, are really great quality. They even serve a pretty good steak considering they're in a city with a lot of competition in that area.

Also I hear many rumors and stories of the crazy party nights, but unfortunately I haven't been able to attend yet. I look forward to this experience in the future and will update my review after that time.

Great beer and great food, that's what everyone is looking for, right?I went here for drinks and dinner on a Friday night and I have to say that I was impressed.

First off, the atmosphere was awesome, it was a mix of a nice dinning room up top and an old fashioned Bavarian beer hall in the basement.  It wasn't too noisy in the dinning hall, which was nice.  They had a group of four people going around in lederhosen preforming various old German tunes, which added the cultural touch.

The food selection was good.  I had the burger and must say, it was one of the best I have ever had.  The food was a little on the pricey side but it is to be expected given the theme and atmosphere.

The beer selection was superb, multiple different types both international and domestic.  They also serve beer in both 1L cups and 2L beer boots.  Word of advice, the beer boots may seem cool, but purchase at your own risk as it is likely that your beer is going to get room temperature by the time you hit the heel of your glass.

All in all, it was a pretty good experience and I would highly recommend it, just be aware of the prices.We had a great visit to Wurst last night. I had the Wiener schnitzel, and my wife had the SchweinShaxen, which is basically a ham hock. As usual, the food tasted great, and we had a nice 1/2 price bottle of wine with the meal. (tiefenbrunner pinot grigio). Our server, a bubbly red-head was very nice to us, and the music, though not entirely to my tastes, was still well done.

The only reason for not giving the fifth star was that the portions are insanely large, and you can't do half orders. They're also plated in a way that the plate is super crowded, and it's a bit of a pain eating the food in a semi-civilized way. For example, the ham hock came in a cast iron casserole thing that left almost no room to move the food around to get your knife on it. My wiener schnitzel was two large pieces, stacked on each other, stacked on the fries. The salad was in a little cup, but was stacked so high, sticking a fork in it sent salad all over.Really cool venue and good selection of beer. The size of it almost works against it, since it was half empty. The food was possibly overpriced, but still good. Unfortunately, the crowd was not diverse and mostly male dominated. It gave off a stale energy. When I'm in a beer hall, I either expect a high degree of energy or a constant vibe of activity which is complemented nicely with music. Wurst seems to have some of the fixings, just hasn't packaged it altogether properly. Will visit on another night to see what's up.For a great getaway for the guys for ethnic German dishes and a vast variety of domestic and imported beer, Wurst in Calgary is the place to go. Prices are very reasonable, service very personable to make you feel at home and an excellent variety of food. Would definitely visit again.Food: 3.5/5
Service: 3.5/5
Ambiance: 3.5/5
Overall experience: 3.5/5

(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)

When I first walked into Wurst I was struck by the upstairs restaurant's beautiful decor. There was a huge tree growing out of the floor and sparkling lights that made me feel like I stepped into an enchanted forest (very romantic). Immediately downstairs is Wurst's Bavarian Beer Hall - a completely different atmosphere and a gong show on the weekends. Either go really early on a Saturday or make reservations if you want to guarantee a seat. 

The Beer Hall area was dark, yet intimate and lively with neat German trinkets on the walls. As the night progressed, the hall became more crowded and loud from drunks and the blaring German band tooting out festive tunes. You have to yell at the people in your table to talk to them. The waitresses are dressed up in traditional German bar-maid attire and for the most part are really friendly and attentive. You definately get a true German Beer Hall experience!

Every Saturday they even have a contest to see who could hold a Stein of water in front of them the longest. Winners get a $25 gift certificate.  

The biggest turnoff was that the food and drink prices were inflated - my bill came out to be around $40 for only two beers and an appetizer! 

They have a decent amount of German bottles and drafts including pilsners, wheaty Weizens, dark Dunkels, and the popular fruity Stiegl Radler (grapefruit). 1/2 a liter will cost at least $7.25-$20; 1L is from $14.50-$20; and a 2L Boot is from $38-$40. Granted, it's fun to drink from a boot shaped mug but if you want to save money opt for two 1L drinks. 

Their food menu felt more like "German inspired" and not purely focused on the cuisine. Appetizers are from $15; cured meats ($9-$13); cheese; seafood (shellfish); rotisserie and grill items like hamburgers ($16), brats ($26), and schnitzel for two ($35); and from their carvery you can get 1/2 or 1 lb of chicken, prime rib, pork loin, brisket, ham, or sausage ($14-$25). Each carvery order comes out on a wooden cutting board with meat on one side, two slices of your choice of bread and sauce. You can either eat it separately or as a sandwich. My friends seemed to enjoy it and were stuffed by the end. 

For a real treat, you can order 'Franzl's Mixed Grill' which is a big platter of house made bratwurst, knackwurst (light colored sausage), prime rib, schweinshaxen (roasted ham hock/knuckle), Kassler pork loin (tough to eat and fatty), German fried potatoes, and bread dumplings on top of a pile of spatzle (soggy, bland egg noodle-like thing) and warm sauerkraut. They charge you $39/person for two people ($78 platter), but it can feed 4-5 people. It's a great opportunity to try a variety of German meats but the overall consensus was that it was really salty and pricey.

Other items I tried were the "famous" 'Bavarian Wings' which was only OK. For $15, you get three large wings stuffed with sausage, then breaded with pretzels and hot sauce. I was expecting actual chicken meat as part of the wing, but it was more like 98% sausage meat encased by "chicken skin" instead of the usual sausage casing. The wings were not crispy and the hot sauce only added a bit of heat. The order will definitely fill up one person, but is good to share amongst 3 people. For $15, this appetizer wasn't worth it. 

I also got the 'Schnitzel Tacos' ($16) which were four, two-bite hard shell tacos with a tiny portion of crispy schnitzel. The tacos were bland unless you dipped it in the accompanying Valentina (mildly hot) sauce. The dish was really hard to eat since it fell apart after the first bite. I would NOT recommend this dish. 

What I do recommend is the 'Pretzel Bucket' ($7) - about four warm soft, chewy pretzels with a crisp exterior. The four accompanying mustards were a perfect compliment. The 'Duck Fat Fries' ($8) were also surprisingly good and the portion was enough for one person.

If you already haven't been here, the Beer Hall is a great place to visit with a group of friends. You will definitely have a good time bonding with other drunks! The only drag is that the food and drinks are expensive.Wurst is a welcome addition to Mission. With communal style seating, good tunes (an occasional German umpa band) and an ample beer selection (including their own Wurst brew choices), it's hard not to have a good time at this bier hall! Be prepared to pay more for a pint of beer (1/2 liter starts at 8.50$; bottles $5.50 and up) and a couple of entrees (between 16-40$/ entree). This isn't your average pub.

I like that Wurst has a dining room upstairs and a communal, "sit with strangers"layout downstairs.  The menu is the same in both areas. The food seems to be a modern twist on traditional German-Bavarian-European delicacies. We've tried their "jager schnitzel with spaetzle" (great mushroom gravy on thin slices of meat, 23$), sausage-stuffed chicken wings with pretzel coating (3 huge turkey wings for 12$) and their "schweinshaxen" (a roasted pork knuckle- it's big enough to share between 2 people for 23$) All of it is delicious!

One area that could be improved/ better: Service. We've experienced inconsistent service from the team at Wurst. The waitresses are friendly when you arrive and apologetic when it takes 10 minutes for them to deliver your first round... Maybe order the 1L stein so you can relax until your next round;-)Wurst wins hands-down for "wurst" attempt at a German eatery. We ordered the Wurst special for March... it was a three-course meal that started off with a duck-slice salad doused in a ketchup-type dressing (too expensive for such a small portion of meat.) The main course was a cast iron dish full of over-salted meat (dinky 3" "bratwurst" sausage, non-German flavored lean porkchop, chunk of smoked back bacon or Slanina as we Serbs like to call it), Russian (purple) potatoes (which aren't exotic, by the way... my mother grows these in Calgary), mystery vegetables (half-cooked Radishes? I don't know... it was so dark I couldn't really see my food) and over-salted/weirdly spiced saurkraut. The last dish was a Black Forest Cake experiment gone wrong.

The food is really not German at all... it is too salty, too spiced and not simple enough. Saurkraut should be sour... not pure salt. Meat should taste like meat... not pure salt. Black Forest Cake should have a hint of Kirsch... not be soaked in vodka.

This place is way overpriced. Dinner for husband and I came to around $100 for Dennys-quality food. A real shame... for these high-end prices, I expect a 100% flawless meal and experience... not pub food/atmosphere.

Anyway, if you want to experience real "German" food, try Edelweiss for lunch, and also give The Austrian Club (NE Industrial area) a shot. It's not in a fancy area like Wurst is (Mission... probably one of the most expensive neighborhoods in the city) but is superior in taste. Great for weddings too.

I'm not sure I like the overall concept of Wurst. There is a noisy bar downstairs and a restaurant upstairs. Problem is... in the restaurant upstairs, the downstairs bar noise overpowers everything.... even the Lederhosen-dressed "live music" that walks around playing different tunes (Birthday tunes mostly) is drowned out by the club-type music and very LOUD people downstairs.Name should be WORST.


I was not not aware that they are owned by the group that runs Mercato. The service was good but the servers had way too many tables to look after. Food was mediocre and inadequate serving size. $80.00 for a seafood tower for 2 that is certainly a rip off. Server says that you get half a lobster as well. we got a half of a head shell with a small claw in it. a real joke. don't wear your good clothes because you will SMELL after you leave.certainly not coming back but the atmosphere is very good similar too its over priced sister---Mercato.One of my most memorable Father's Days of all time. Great beer, bratwurst, decor, service and crowd. WURST has a great feel to it.I have been here twice and both times did not go so well.  First off they have a good selection of beers but it is a lot than most other bars in that area and even 17th.  
When I was there in November I was there with a friend and the very large both under the stairs by 8.00 over half a dozen customers had come over asking when we were leaving and it makes no sense to sit there with only two people.  We left getting sick of people bothering us and when I was leaving the GM a lady said next time I go back they will sort things out.  It seems now the rules have changed they now want a credit card if you order a boot which it 2 liters of beer. What happens if you go to chat at another table and it gets smashed then yes you get charged.  It is also a case that they will not tell you you are being charged you will just see it on your statement.  On another night I had a few liters to drink go my bill paid and went to leave once outside is when one of the doormen pushed me several times overall not great place will not go back save your time and money.I went here for the first time on Friday night - the first day of Oktoberfest. I resisted Das Boot, which was probably a good idea as total madness was on order for the evening.

We started with a couple of drinks and appies at the bar. If you don't like or eat meat, probably don't come to Wurst. I think their salads are covered in sausage.  The German Chicken Wing is a must-try! I also tried the venison corn dogs and wasn't super-impressed. They were so dry, thank goodness there was aioli and cranberry sauce for dipping! The vibe upstairs with the giant trees in the dining area is perfect. Like dining under the stars :) (See note below re. my crush - he can definitely take me on a date there any time.)

We then moved to the beer hall, which became absolute insanity as the evening progressed. The vibe was great, and lacked the typical Calgary pretentiousness that most spots have. The beer hall picnic tables also help to make things more social.Wurst has changed for the worse! Wurst used to be a staple for a good weekend brunch in a casual atmosphere. Today's experience has proven otherwise. My meal - duck eggs benny  was good 8/10 my wife's Mexican omelet was nothing more than diced tomatoes and cheese (jalapeños on the side) 4.5/10. The meals alone wouldn't warrant 1 star it's what happened after brunch that set me off...

As we were leaving I used the washroom, turned the tap on to wash my hands to notice there was no soap; not the end of the world until.... I noticed whoever cleaned last failed to wipe down the sink spout which was covered in VOMIT!

Irritated I asked to speak to the manager, her response was "oh, it must have just happened" clearly this wasn't the case as it's 10:30am in the morning, we were the very first people in the restaurant and a good portion of the mess was cleaned up. The mess was clearly from the night prior.

My review on Wurst is it used to be great however at some point they stopped caring and putting in little effort. 

Too bad!!!

MarkI was moderately fearful of coming to Wurst after reading some pretty harsh reviews, but did my best to keep an open mind when finally making my way over for lunch today.  I share the same sentiments as Mia T.  I think it's beautiful and has a bright, down-to-earth, cozy atmosphere.  I loved it as soon as I walked in the door.  Even the restroom stalls are tastefully done.

I suspect that having lunch here is the way to go for a no-fail experience.  No waiting, excellent service and there's an upscale business crowd kickin' back for their break.  Again, loving it.  

I was tempted to try the Lobster Cobb salad until I was told about the salmon salad special.  It was delicious.  Simple and flavorful.  With taxes and tip, I spent $21.  Pretty average for a restaurant of this nature.

My friend and I took a look at the beir hall before heading out.  It's novel and I'd also likely make an effort to head over mid afternoon one day in order to avoid the gong show of long waits and excessive noise.  The hostess was telling stories about how fun and crazy it gets here, but I'm too old to care about that.  If I want to enjoy the real thing, I'll go to Germany.This is a one star petition for @WURSTCalgary to add Curry Wurst to the menu. 

My actual rating for Wurst is easily a 5 (it's amazing), but when I heard the name and the concept I was REALLY, REALLY hoping that they had one of my favourite German dishes. Especially since I can't find it anywhere else in Calgary.. 

If you don't know, curry wurst is a very simple quick-food type of dish that is typically only sold in Berlin. But it's the curry sauce on top that is just absolutely amazing. 

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Currywurst

I had it while I was on vacation there last year and it blew my effin mind.

If someone at Wurst actually sees this and adds it to the menu, just send me an @reply and I will tell all of my friends. Seriously, I am that into this dish. My Twitter handle is: @alfgoetz

Once again (for the record), I love Wurst and I've been there a TON. If you go sit in the beer hall downstairs and order the Bavarian Wings. You only get three, but that is all you need. Trust me.Wow. Walking in, I was really impressed with the lovely decor, and intimate ambiance. Great first impression.

We asked to hostess for a spot on the patio. She non-challantly walked outside, through the patio, came back the long way around to tell us it would be a 20-minute wait. It literally took her 5 minutes just to do that.  Fine. Seat us inside then...

We sat at a tiny two-top, sort of in the middle of nowhere. Our server didn't smile at us once. She was efficient, but if I am paying good money to dine out, I don't think a smile is too much to ask for. 

We had the cheese fondu. It was lovely, but very filling. Luckily my bf and I decided to share a jäger schnitzel. The veggies and spaetzle were delicious. The schnitzel was under seasoned, and wouldn't you know it, this is one of those pretentious places without salt and pepper on the table. We didn't bother asking for it. 

So overall, pretentious, overpriced, and just plain ol' 'stuck-up'! I hear great things about the bar downstairs, so don't waste your time in the restaurant, in my opinion.The hostess said 30-45min wait, and we ended up waiting 90min for a table. The service was very slow once we were seated and our food was subpar. They took forever to bring our meals, cheques, and credit card machine. The worst part is we barely got any apologies for the long waits. Most restaurants would offer a free appetizer, or at least a sincere apology.

My husband ordered the schnitzel platter and it wasn't anything special - we both agreed we could have made it better at home. I ordered the schnitzel sandwich with truffle mayo and that was really good, and so was their baked cheese dip. Their pretzel was good, it comes with 3 mustards but you can tell they're not made in-house.I come here for brunch almost every weekend. I always order the French toast which is amazing. The service is usually pretty speedy and its actually decent coffee. Kids are welcome which is awesome. 

In the evenings it gets pretty rowdy downstairs with oompah bands and stein holding contests. I only managed about two minutes before I set my stein down.

Next time!Hmm...German? I don't think so people. For anyone who's spent time in Germany, has German ancestry, and memories of their grandmother's cooking, this place is about as uniquely German as The Ginger Beef House is Chinese. But even that's an overstatement. Just another example of bland Canadian-ised wannabe ethnic cuisine.

For example...where's the kassler, currywurst, jagerschnitzel, kartoffelsalat, rouladen, wiersingeintopf, sauerbraten & knodel? Or classic German deserts such as mohnkuchen, donauwelle, and pflaumenkuchen?? 

Instead Wurst offers us average/standard fare pub food - chili cheese nachos, poutine, sliders, wings, NY Steak, burgers, tuna tacos (wtf?), potato skins, and fudge brownies. What are they afraid of? Why not have a menu that showcases a variety of German cuisine?...instead of the small handful of basic German cliche items they do offer (bratwurst, sauerkraut, & schnitzel), which are mediocre at best. 
I get a kick out of some of these 4 and 5 star reviews, based on the fact people are impressed with the nachos and duck poutine, Lol.

I remember years ago, in approximately the same location Calgarian's had Franzl's Gasthaus...now that was a true German dining experience. The folks at Wurst should think about that.

Might as well go to Earl's up the street, as the menu is quite similar.

Honestly these guys should seriously think about changing their name/logo and theme, as in my opinion this place is a bit of a joke. However, the staff and servers were very friendly, hence my 2 star rating.Probably the worst customer service I've ever had in my life. You wait in line to get inside and then are put in another line to then wait again to get downstairs to the "dance bar" (which is super lame if you've ever been to a real city where there are actual dance clubs). And then you wait for like another hour to get told that you're not actually in line for the downstairs bar. So you basically wait for 2 hours to just somewhere else. I live in Calgary. I've been here for 6 years. I've tried Wurst a few times and I'll never go there again.Wow, Wurst has really changed!!! Wasn't this place fine dining restaurant once upon a time?

I love the new atmosphere! I mean, the location is on 4th street. This is a beautifully trendy part of Calgary and I think Wurst did a good job by opening their doors to a better variety of people. They've started catering to the young up-and-comers and it's made a world of difference. I think the business of this place really speaks for itself!

I was here for a friends birthday party and it consequently was also Oktoberfest! So it was super busy! You literally walk into the basement and its like this big German party! The staff were friendly and even with the amount of people in there the food came quickly. I love that you're able to just turn around and talk to people. Everyone is there to have a good time and meeting others is really easy. The staff do a good job of including everyone in competitions, songs, and light-hearted games. I really enjoyed this because it was an icebreaker for everyone in the room. 

For food I had the Grilled Chicken Sandwich. It was really good! A few of my friends had poutine, and it wasn't really my cup of tea, but they seemed to enjoy it which is all that matters. 

Overall I had a really great time here! I was definitely surprised by the change this place underwent, but it was a welcome surprise. This place is great and the crowd isn't too young so there aren't crazy drunk 18 year olds running around!Our company holiday lunch was held at WURST, and I was overly impressed with the service and the food/drinks. We were initially seated upstairs, which was nice and quiet, but several of us were blinded by the sun's reflection (no blinds), so we had to move downstairs. The lower level is not the most suitable place for discussion with the entire table, only those next to you since you'd lose a lung yelling across the table.

The menu had a lot of sharing options as well as individual plates. I wanted to taste everyone's dish at my table and around me since everything looked so good. I tried the scallops, and it was just enough for me (but may be a bit small for men or if I was starving).

Our waitress was wonderful, and I'd definitely return for a date night.1st time here with my wife (2nd time for her) Nice looking place with good service, good beer but tasteless food. We ordered the stuffed chicken wing, grilled cheeze sliders. duck frites, beef dumplings. The stuffed chicken wing was larger than I imagined it would be. The coating seemed to go a little heavy on what I think was chipotle but it over powered the stuffing on the inside. The cheeze grilled sliders looked good but the cheeze had no taste. The duck fries were good as well as the aioli on the side. The beef dumpling were just tasteless all around. I can see now why 3 of the dishes came with a dip sauce of some sort 'cause THATS where they put the flavor. We didnt hate our meal but its certainly not worth driving at least 1/2 hour to get there.I feel like North America doesn't have enough German food. It's a shame really because German food is so, so good! Wurst is such a fun environment and has some great traditional German dishes. They have HUGE portions so you may want to split them! Wurst also has a fantastic selection of beer complete with a 2L boot if you are really enthusiastic! Drink it fast though or you will end up with warm beer! 

This place gets so busy on the weekends, so come early or make a reservation. The main floor is more of a lounge area which would be great for dinner, and the down stairs is definitely where the party is at! I loved that there is German band marching around in lederhosen playing live music, it really adds a nice touch.

The food is excellent, lots of meat and bread, but oh so excellent! The schnitzel was to die for and the pretzel with different mustard dipping sauces was also one of my favorites! 

Wurst is definitely one of my favorite places to come on a Friday night!Small menu for brunch but very tasty. I ordered the eggs Benedict with back bacon and it was cooked perfect. Only wish the dinner items like seafood tower was available to order. Good service and friendly. I would def go backMan I'm getting old , this place has the hardest seats on earth my ass still hurts two days later , we were sitting 8 at a table and it was so noisy I couldn't talk to the person two down from me .
 The service was pretty good once they gave us a waitress but when we first went in we had to get our own drinks cause we were thirsty and ain't no one care .
 The food is the worst German food I've ever had , it is like something you would get at a cheap banquet where they prepare everything the day before and re heat it ..the snitzel was grislty ( is that a word? ) and the breading was greasy and tasteless, horrible .. the red cabbage was microwaved so hot that me and my wife both took a fork full and burned the sh@$ out of our mouths , maybe that's the strategy so you can't tell how tasteless everything Is . Spatzel .... cmon man pan fry that stuff it's was like eating paste once again no taste .
Just a lousy lousy all around lousy night out . 
I do not recommend if you want to talk to friends or have a good meal , if you just want to drink and listen to an oompah band this is for you .Wurst is the best ( German beer hall ) that I have been to . I went here sight unseen for my GF's Friends birthday or something like that , the details escape me . I was met by a pleasant atmosphere and the sight of people drinking out of shoes....then it hit me that's no Shoe that's DAS BOOT ! and I must have one. 

I ordered a boot of a delightful Pilsner and was given the option of plastic or glass; I opted for the Glass (50$ deposit ) because I'm not a child and It's hard to impress total strangers with your drinking prowess if you're imbibing from what amounts to a sippy cup. 

If you are a fan of  various organ meats in intestinal casings then you will love the menu because it's pretty preserved meats and sausage heavy. I ordered wings and was treated to this bizarre chicken wing/ sausage on a drumstick concoction. 3 to an order , pretzle breaded, covered in hot sauce and massive in size, oh and actually pretty tasty.

The Polka band touring around was great ! it added so much to the ambiance and through the bleary beer induced haze was probably more enjoyable then it should have been.


*****Missing Scene*******Went to Wurst for my girlfriend's 30th. Its the first time I've seen the building since its transformation. Its really beautiful. It's rustic, feel with modern touches. The place was packed on a saturday night, our reservation was at 8 pm. 
Even though the menu is meat heavy, there are  a lot of seafood options and maybe one(?) veggie option. 
We all ordered only apps to start, and I had the Octopus Salad, with the charred tomato vinagrette. The Octopus was tender, just enough vinagrette so it wasnt drowning. It came with a salad, with tomato and avocado..which was delicious. 
Some of the apps the guys at the table got, were MASSIVE. They didnt bother ordering mains, because the starters were so filling. 
The Bavarian wings are stuffed with sausage looked like they each weighed 2 pounds. They were delicious, and the mustard they served with it was nice and tangy. 
The shortribs were also tender and the portion size huge. The chef was overly generous with the sauce, but having said that, it was good sauce! Smoky, yet not too sweet. 
One of the guys ordered the prime rib...it looked like they served him up a half cow. It came with a ton of mashed potato, veggies and Yorkshire pudding. 
I wont go on about what everyone else ordered, but I will say that we were all happy with our food, and our server Mike was OUTSTANDING. Some of the best service Ive had in a while, so thanks Mike.Awesome German theme restaurant and pub.
Great selections of food AND German beer!
Food are well prepared and presented with quality, and you can tell from a small garnish pickle to a gigantic signature meat plate. 
You would never miss out a beer from their beer selections to pair up with your dish.The brunch is awesome, I recommend all of it. The pretzel is also well executed, along with the bratwurst. There's also live music on Saturdays, and it's interactive too.Food and drink are actually pretty good.  I guess the thing that bugs me is the attempt at german culture, and then the total commercialization / selling out of it.  $9.5 plus tax for 0.5L of beer?  Serving beer in a glass not from the actual brewer?  You'd go to jail for either of those things in Germany. Even at mega touristy oktoberfest in expensive munich, beer is easily 40% cheaper.  But I guess they have a monopoly on german places in calgary.  If I had the time, I'd open an authentic german place across the street where it didn't cost $50 to get drunk and we didn't try to make the place like Earls or Joeys.   That said beer and food are solid. It'd just be nice if someone actually spoke german there and it wasn't run like a marketing trap.Awesome awesome awesome !!! Had the schnitzel chips to start, then moved on to the 1/2 dozen oysters , and the finale pork hock mixed veggie and purple sauerkraut that was top 5 meal I have ever had ! Great atmosphere great service amazing food and beer!! I will be setting up a tent at this spot!i was just talking with a friend of mine who is from germany.  wurst isn't entirely a german restaurant, however it does have some german dishes while covering standard bistro fare and also having regional dishes like bison short ribs, roasted trout, etc.  

we started with a dozen oysters with an even east and west coast split, which were very good.  we were told they were freshly shipped in that day and it clearly showed.  i heard much about the pile of bratwurst, but i was in the mood for some prime rib, which is was very good.  the melted potatoes that came with was amazing.  my wife went for the rack of lamb, which was a little on the fatty side for both our taste, but was still good.  to be clear, i am one to appreciate and love fattier meat, but the serving we had was just a bit too much.  

pricing is a bit on the more expensive side, but nothing too outrageous.    the service was amazing and were being helped by one of the bartenders who was both very friendly and fun to talk to. he was one of the main reasons for the 4 star review!We'd heard so much about Wurst we figured we just had to check it out. The place was pretty busy on a Sunday night but we got a table on the main floor and dug into the menu. Unfortunately a few things we wanted were sold out, mostly seafood, so we had to settle for some of the waiter's recommendations.

The "Bavarian Wings", a sausage-stuffed wings appetizer, was truly vile. Jumbo wings (turkey wings, possibly) arrived in a skillet absolutely coated in greasy-looking buffalo sauce atop a fried "pretzel crumb" coating. They were tough (nearly too tough to cut through with a knife) and the "chicken" meat was crumbly and dry. The sausage was nearly flavorless under that thick coating of buffalo sauce. Very disappointing.

My dinner guest ordered the Thuringer Brat and was equally disappointed in the overly dry, flavorless sausages he was presented with.

My main of prime rib was a huge, fatty slab of meat. The meat was undersalted (I felt like a Food Network judge saying "this needs more seasoning") and the side vegetables were bitter, overcooked, and limp. 

Our waiter was completely distracted and several times forgot to bring us things he had promised - more water, the bill, the credit card machine. 

Definitely more hype than content.Had lunch here recently. I had a beet salad and a nice rosè on the patio. It was a beautiful day. The menu was definitely on the rich meaty sausage side. LOTS of beers to choose from. Service was decent and parking is TERRIBLE!! Had to pay $10 in the lot to have lunch here. At least Earls down the road reimburses you for parking.Very well selected beer menu. The black forest dessert is divine, and makes the perfect ending to your meal. The portions are generous.  Food is good, but not gourmet.  Very traditional authentic German (Bavarian) Hofbrau Haus food and atmosphere.Great german restaurant!  I was warned ahead of time that it was a "heavy" meal so I opted for appetizers instead of a meal.

I order the poutine, which is made from duck fat fries, cheese, gravy and peas.  It was delicious!    And it was a large order!  I didn't get through the whole thing :)

I also ordered a brat...because when in Rome...   :)  I had the brat on a bun, the thuringer brat. I was getting full at this point so opted to eat the brat off the bun :)  With the saurkraut.

I also enjoyed a nice German beer.  Edinger Weissbrau.  So good!

The place itself is pretty cool.  Large upstairs that seem to be more for meals and snacks.  Very large downstairs with large tables for drinking and celebrating.  They have a really amazing collection showing downstairs of steins as well.

Staff was friendly.  Service was decent (not fast but not slow either).  Pricing was average for a Canadian restaurant.

I would return and most likely will while I am here for work!The upstairs is very airy and pretty. The downstairs is pretty dark, loud and fun. The service was good considering how chaotic the place was that night. The manager was on top of everything - answering questions/concerns and offering suggestions.
I enjoyed the beer and the large dishes of meats mixed with potatoes. I found the meat a little bland and salty, but there were a ton of mustard/condiments. Everyone I was with enjoyed the meats, so perhaps it was just me. However, the appetizers were not good value or very tasty. We all agreed that next time we would skip the appies and go straight for the entrees.
Love the complimentary pretzels!Was at Wurst last night for some celebratory drinks after an exam and I liked it. We ordered a bottle of champagne and then the boys ordered some beers afterwards which they all liked having such a large selection to choose from.

The environment was really cool when we first got there. There was even a German style band with trombones and all. I noticed that as it got later (Saturday night, what did I expect), it got super super packed and unbelievably loud. Our nice conversations turned into screaming matches and my friend kept getting bumped by people. Like I said, what do I expect, it was a Saturday night and I guess I'm just not one to enjoy weekend pub crawls.

All in all, it was a nice set up, our bartender was sweet as pie and although I left with a raspy voice I had a good time.This place is the "wurst" for customer service. We went in and were seated in a mostly empty place. We were given menus and told our server would be right there. We waited. And waited. And waited. Not a big deal until a table of six arrived and was seated right beside us. The weren't even done getting their coats off, and the waiter was over with water and drink orders. Walked past us twice. Looked at us twice. And kept walking. Finally we just got up, told the hostess what happened, and left. I sure hope your food is better than your service. We will never know because we won't be back.I had heard excellent things about Wurst and couldn't wait to try it. I arrived and loved the restaurant - the trees inside with lights made for a great setting. I was seated while I waited for my friends to arrive. My server was very attentive and quite lovely at first. She was lovely all the way through, but not accommodating. I asked about a substitution and she said no, but I should try to taste one of my friend's meals that was going to have the same thing on it. So much for customer friendly... anyhow, was excited for my food to arrive and although the presentation was beautiful, the food was very average and expensive (like on par with Centini's). I had the trout which came served on vegis (which were delicious), but the fish was very bland and a little over cooked. Anyhow, I'm not sure I would go back for dinner. I've heard their brunch is good and will give it a try, maybe. But I think I would only ever come back for a drink in the evening as their dinner was bland and way over priced.Wurst has really gone downhill since it reopened which is sad because it was one of my favourites pre-flood! They changed up the menu & the beer. But sadly everything I've ordered on the new menu has been very bland while also being very pricey. 

Word to the wise, stay a away from the grilled cheese sliders- 'but why? Grilled cheese sliders sound delicious- what could possibly go wrong?' Ya I don't know but these sliders are skin to eating buttered wonderbread with nothing else on it..... I think they need to taste test new menu items. 

The last 4 times I have tried to visit during the week for dinner it's also been either completely closed for a private function or the downstairs has been closed. Very frustrating - I have no patience for a business that wastes my time by turning me away for a private function on 4 separate occasions! It makes me sad to say but I won't be back for a 5th rejection guys :(Honestly the best place to get winers in Calgary! I love all the choices they have and the different dips that come with. I really enjoy the flavourful sausages that you can get. If your not feeling that hungry grab a pretzel and a beer everything is nicely priced so nothing is to expensive. Great place for an interesting date night cause they always have events going onSo a few weeks ago, while on business in Calgary, a few locals offered to meet us for snacks and pints and suggested this place.  Our hotel was a short cab ride away, so we agreed.  Also - i am a beer-hound, so it seemed appropriate.

When I got there, I discovered that we probably should have made a reservation.   I arrived a half hour before we were to meet our clients, and they were already rammed.   The locals told us to head to the basement and find a table there.   We went down there, and 2 pints later, we finally picked up the tab for a group in exchange for first dibs on their booth.   

This place was classic German.  In Germany, this type of place would be full of old dudes slamming pints, but this place was full of college kids and 20-somethings.  Not an issue, as it just made for greater entertainment later in the evening.  Slightly classier that anything similar in Germany (even with the picnic tables in the basement), the food was Epic, and the beers were perfect.  We only had apps to eat, but they were the perfect mix of German and delicious.  Soft Pretzels, and amazing Wings. After 2 pints and 2 "Boots", i barely remember leaving, but i do recall the Oompa-oompa band doing their rounds around this place and cheering on anyone brave enough to try to down a 1-litre boot of German Wheat beer (which was incredible, I'll add).  

Recommendation - try the wings.   Pretzel-breaded, stuff with sausage, and deep fried/tossed in sauce.   A little piece of German-made-heaven.  Seriously.Delicious food? Good music? Imported beer? A pig painting on the wall with balls the size of dinner plates!? A bit on the pricey side, but worth every nickel to get that brat on a bun. Certainly trendier than I'm used to, but all in all 5 stars should cover it.Was downstairs in beerhall.  Loud, lively, fun atmosphere. Poutine was yummy. Had great items listed on menu. Had brass playing old men band that go by each table & if it's your bday they'll help you celebrate!My first experience with this restaurant was not a good one. When attempting to make a reservation online I was sad to see nothing for more than 30 days. We went anyways and decided to try and get in downstairs in the bar. We were there more than an hour and not one staff member so much as said welcome to me. They don't take down names and give tables to people as they come available in the order people came in. Most people play dirty to get tables and in a restaurant that costs as much as Wurst, a customer should never have to fight for a table.

The place was so packed there was barely standing room and they had groups of two sitting at tables built for four to eight. One table of two people sat there for over an hour and just had some beer. If they had sat at the bar then at least four people who were there for dinner could have sat down. As well as a huge booth built for at least six with a couple. It's just not intelligent seating at all by the restaurant. The large wooden tables in the middle of the bar which were built to seat I would think at least 15 were mostly half full with reserved signs on them. They stayed that way the entire time we were there. It's not smart seating either because clearly it wasted 20 or more seats for people waiting. Most restaurants I've been too give up your table or move you if you can't fill the seats you reserved. Had they allowed people to sit and eat at those empty seats they'd have a huge uptake in income.

I had a ice tea because I can't drink but the others ordered the large steins of beer. It was sixty dollars for three beers and my group was a little unimpressed with the price. They wouldn't have cared if we were sitting and eating at the time. 

So we stood around for an hour trying to find a table for dinner and got nothing but attitude and a clear sense of poor judgement and planning. I was excited to try their food but in the end my experience couldn't be Wurst.I was at Wurst with a group of friends during the weekday. We decided to share a bunch of different things off of the menu. The food was at times tasty (flat-bread was okay, wings were decent) and at other times a little bland (nachos). We also had fries and wings and sausages which were okay. I found it to be a little too expensive for what you get although the atmosphere was enjoyable.

The service isn't exceptional by any means, the only time the server was pleasant was when we were paying our bills. Most of the time prior to that it was difficult if not impossible to get a smile.

Overall, I wouldn't consider this place too often when thinking of a place to go for drinks and food.I fell in love with Wurst as soon as I walked in the door. I had heard about it through friends, and I was surprised that it was totally different than I was expecting. After driving past here on the way to pick up a friend, we decided to do a late lunch here since I had heard all about it. I absolutely LOVE the decor in here..it's fancy without being pretentious, elegant, and modern. The tree in the middle is just gorgeous. We actually had two servers throughout our meal and they were fantastic! Could not have been nicer and more eager to please. I started with a glass of wine and a plate of oysters. These were probably some of the best oysters I've ever had! For our mains I ordered the Griddle Burger and my friend ordered the Brisket. My burger was hot and delicious, I absolutely loved it! I cant wait to return to Wurst for dinner...the menu had so many delicious items (the cheese plate was calling my name), the decor is lovely for a date and the location is perfect for an after dinner walk. I'd also like to see what the downstairs is all about - I only took a peek but the german beer hall style seating looks pretty cool!Love this place! Went there tonight for Oktoberfest, the guys in lederhosen playing music and having us stand on our table made the night ! Great atmosphere upstairs too! We came for drinks, but I'll definitely be back for the food soon!After wanting to try Wurst for quite some time I finally got the opportunity to sit on their patio and enjoy this establishment. 

Wurst has great happy hour specials which I took advantage of...$5 Prosecco anyone? Also since we were there on a Tuesday the food special was $1 oysters and $10 peel and eat shrimp.... Done and done. 

I enjoyed these starters and decided to stay in the same vein for my main course which was the Ahi Tuna Tacos.

The tacos did not disappoint and I was very happy with the freshness and flavour! Throughout our visit our server was great and attentive - bonus!

What can I say about my experience? Well, it was Wunderbar!I love a good German bier hall as much as the next girl, but this place really brings out my best and my wurst. 

I've averaged the 5 and the 1 for a three star. I'd go back because it is so pretty, but I don't know that I would organize an event there in the near future either.

My first visit was during Oktoberfest, a bit of a gong show in the giant basement. Having just gotten back from Germany, it was fun to see the big picnic tables out and about, and the German band in full swing. The atmosphere was great, tons of people but still space to sit, our server was on it and the food that I stole off my friends plate was quite tasty! Overall, a 5 star experience! I love the decor - earthy, European, and just plain stylin'.

I was a little bit disappointed by the beer selection, but I grabbed the sampler, sat back and enjoyed the double headed bird decor. When we finally left a little bit early, I was surprised to see a big line coming out the door.

My second experience emphasized a lot of my bar pet peeves. First of all, I was late meeting some friends, and thought if I got there by 9, I'd beat the line. Not so. And not only that, the bouncer was not interested in letting me join my friends at their table and was downright rude. So, after a little friend- guilt tripping and a too long wait with them, we made it in for some increasingly bad service.

The drinks are, let's face it, overpriced for what they are, which I can live with when everything else comes together. But my second visit was a one star. Either Wurst is a little bi-polar, is getting a little too popular and its going to their heads, or the best time to come down is during lunch or dinner.Ach Mein Gott! Wurst refers itself as having an Überkitchen.  They weren't kidding!

I walked in on a cold night last Wednesday to a fairly busy dining room, while the downstairs was reserved for a private event I opted to sit at the bar.  As I scanned the beer service I realized they had some really good ones. I went with the Weisse-Bier, can't go wrong with German food and a nice brew.

I seriously wanted to try everything from their menu because it reminded me of my trips to Germany.  When I saw that Schweinshaxen was on the menu I knew I had to order it as this is a very difficult dish to find in Canada.  

The schweinhaxen I had in Germany and in the Czech Republic only differed because the skin was more roasted and crunchy than the version at Wurst.  This doesn't mean it wasn't another variation of the same recipe though. That being said, everything was amazing there was so much meat on the pork hock that I could not finish it.  The dumpling was flavorful as were the roast vegetables and red cabbage.

I also had a small bowl of German potato and leek soup.  Oh so good! Creamy and delicious - perfect for cold nights.

Would have loved to come back here but it will have to wait for my next visit to Calgary.

Overall: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Atmosphere: 5/5
Food: 5/5
Cleanliness: 5/5I heard a lot of good things about Wurst and was excited to try it, I think I have been there three times and then haven't really been back. The first two were just for drinks and snacks so I didn't get much of an impression, beer selection was good their pretzels are really tasty and the waitresses outfits are very cute, German style dresses.

However I went there one night for dinner with my husband, brother and his girlfriend and was very disappointed with the food. We both decided that the "schnitzel for two" looked like the best choice, and each couple ordered that to share between them. It sounded like it was going to be more of a meal, but it was really just a huge slab if pork schnitzel with a small bowl of a sour kraut coleslaw stuck in the middle. not only was one schnitzel big enough to feed four, I had no interest in eating that much oil meat and breadcrumb in one sitting, even if I could.

Needless to say I went home and cooked some veggies and haven't been back since, I don't feel like I was served a proper meal, and we all felt a little ripped off.Sweet place to hang out and have a few, easy to mingle with strangers as most of the tables downstairs are community type tables. Fun atmosphere, good beer. 

Good food, but extremely pricey, I had the rack of lamb and was disappointed with the portions when you compare it to places like Alloy or Charcut, portions are really small and price range is up there with these places. 

Will go back to hang out and drink, but I will probably go else where to eat, unless if I'm absolutely craving for some German food.I always have a good time at Wurst! The staff is so friendly and helpful. My friend and I didn't like the wine we ordered and they gave us another bottle. They have a great selection of beers as well. I am vegetarian so the food menu is not for me but otherwise go for it! Music is always good! I highly recommend the place.The service was excellent! We started with a
group of three and people kept joining until we were six. As soon as we sat town the waitress brought us water and kept
our glasses filled all night. When we neared the end of a bottle of HALF PRICE bottles of wine every Thursday, she asked if we wanted more. The pretzel was massive and delicious! It was plenty for an appetizer for three. It came with three delicious drips, one that deceived you as mustard and burned like wasabi. Be warned. All in all, efficient and pleasant servers with very reasonably priced half price wine.I didn't know what to expect.. German and all. I love German food but it can be bland,  this was different. It was modern or upscale German and delicious. The place was hopping busy, and the Atmos was great. 
The service - at least our server was way above and beyond. Cheeky, witty yet attentive. I love a place that has the energy this place has. It would seem resv are necessary because everyone has discovered the place.Wurst has a really fun atmosphere, whether outside, upstairs or downstairs. There is also quality food and beer, and great service. My only complaint is that it's basically a German-themed gastropub, but your bill will make you feel like you just ate at Rouge, except you didn't.The first time I checked this place out was for a brunch catch up with Elle. The original plan was to come at 11am, but who "plans" on lazy Sundays? Clowns who hate clowns. (*shrugs* I dunno). So after constant back-forth texting of "almost theres" I was the first to come. On Brunchdays their Mimosas on special. Whats a Mimosa? I don't remember but its a great excuse to drink on a Sunday.

We had the duck confit benedict and pan scrambler with house sausage. The duck confit was delicious and the scrambler was a heavy dish that could knock out any form of hangover. I wanted to try their beer but when I looked at the menu, I just shook my head at how ridiculous beer prices are, sorry Wurst, you should be happy I'm giving you four stars on your brunch experience alone.

Their prices are a bit high compared to other popular diner joints in the city but the menu is interests me enough to visit this place again.

The only thing about this place is the weird decor. I gotta be honest I felt like I was in Rivendell (Re: Lord of the Rings) rather than a beergarden. It's the indoor trees with the weird trinkets.I returned to Wurst for dinner with my lovely sisters last week. I was so excited because I've wanted to come back since the first time I was here and try something else on the menu. When we arrived, it was quite busy and although we did not have a reservation, we were seated right away. It was then that we waited almost 15 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge us...and we could see servers walking around everywhere. I'm not going to lie, I was getting really annoyed. Not to mention the restaurant was super freezing inside, which made it pretty uncomfortable. Finally, a (very cute) young man appeared and took care of us for the rest of the evening. Crisis averted! We decided to share a bunch of appies. I had an order of oysters (of course) and I still find these to be some of the best in the city. I think a part of that has to do with the mignonette they serve, just lovely! We also had an order of the Ahi Tuna, the Buffalo Mozzarella & Watermelon, and the Cheese & Charcuterie Board. The first two appies were DEEELISH. Absolutely wonderful, I adored every bite. The cheese board was HUGE! Loved the selection but wasn't a fan of the charcuterie, and wished there were more crackers (rather than bread). We also sipped prosecco all evening, which was divine. The bill was not cheap, but I knew that going in so I was okay with it. I ended up having a wonderful conversation with our server after the meal and was really impressed. I did ask about the AC and it looked as if he went to ask about it, but I did not notice a change afterwards. However, a little brush up on the service, and this would be a solid 4-star review.Great service!! Went for burger fest and the pork burger was amazing. Flavourful juicy and perfectly balanced. The decor is beautiful the trees with the lights are gorge. It was just an amazing experience. Thanks wurst for the great night out!!Als Schwabe haben die Maultaschen auf der Karte mein Herz sofort höher schlagen lassen.  Die Rotweinsoße und dass sie als Appetizer angeboten werden fand ich merkwürdig. Neben den Maultaschen haben wir noch die Käsespätzle (Fritz Spätzle) und das Jägerschnitzel probiert. Ich bin mir sicher, dass wir es als gut empfunden hätten, wenn wir nicht authentisch deutsches / schwäbisches Essen erwartet hätten. Die Qualität, die Presentation, das Ambiente, der Service ist alles prima - aber die Gerichte hatten absolut nichts zu tun mit Maultaschen, Käsespätzle oder Jägerschnitzel.The beer hall is a great place to drink beer and have fun! It has somewhat of that highschool cafeteria feel and we can all relate to that. They've got a variety of beers and a few different sizes! A little bit of live entertainment further amplifies the rowdy-ness, but its not a bad thing. The upstairs is different, as it has more of the restaurant feel. The menu is also different for the upstairs and downstairs. food wise, the roast chicken and fries were awesome! I have to admit I wasn't the biggest fan of the food in the beer hall initially, but now I think you just have to know what to order. I've always been a fan of German food, but the last time I was there, it just wasn't doing it for me. I definitely do feel better about Wurst and recommend it for groups of friends that just wanna drink and party, without going to the club.How I've never been to Wurst is beyond me. I seriously had the best time here for a DateNight Trivia event.

Since there was a no cell phone policy for the event, it was unsettling for me that I couldn't take a photo of the giant pretzel I had. HOW WILL PEOPLE VISUALLY ENJOY MY FOOD WITH ME?! #YelperProblems lol

Seriously though, the pretzel was everything you wanted it to be. Doughy inside with crispy outside crusted with sea salt. The grainy mustards, chutney and butter were primo additions to the pretzel. Had this pretzel been accompanied with some spicy pepperoni or cured deli meat I woulda been in food heaven.

Seeing how our team won GCs for winning first place (YEAHHHH), it was a surefire way of luring me back. Maybe next time I can get photographic evidence to share with my fellow Yelpers!I'm giving Wurst a four star rating for 2 reasons.  The Wienerschnitzel was truly outstanding.  It was very tender and perfectly seasoned.  The service was also exceptional.  My only complaint is that I wish their German beer list went deeper.  Weihenstephaner on tap would be a real treat in this city.I love Wurst.  We go about every second Tuesday and eat a few dozen oysters.. sometimes a poutine.  Service is good, the food is good, prices are reasonable (and darn well fantastic at buck a shuck).. that works for me.I'm downgrading.  The first review I wrote says that the 'pile of bratwurst' is one of the best dishes I've had in a long time.  They really knocked it out of the park that first time, so I went again and ordered the same thing.  It came out so fast that the server made a little joke about how they must've been waiting for me.  I wouldn't be surprised if the dish actually had been waiting for me, because it didn't seem as well put together.  It seemed like the parts of the dish had settled into one another.  They also didn't give me a side of mustard like the first time.

It was still very delicious and the rest of the experience held up, but my food didn't live up to the standard that they had originally set.Came here for burgerfest and on a playoff night. Food was fantastic and service was even better. Our server made sure to constantly check up on us, even after we were done eating. She refilled our waters before we would even get the chance to ask her. Oh and the duck confit poutine is gold. It's a must order!So a loud and energizing group downstairs and a casual, welcoming space on the main, all in all, memorable experience.  This neighbourhood stop has a place for everyone, patio, dining, bar and lounge!  The bar team was amazing, sincere and genuinely checking in, the food was very good as well!  Something tells me, it will always be a local fav!All time favourite beer hall ! It's my favourite bar in all of Calgary !! Love the feel in there! The environment is always fun every time I went ! Highly recommend  every one is always there to just have a good time and have fun! I haven't eaten here yet, but I do plan on trying it some time when I'm in the area!I'm an avid reader of City Palate and as such I heard about Wurst quite some time ago.  Being that I have German in my blood and I grew up eating German fare (yes travelled to Germany to visit and stay with relatives as well) it appealed to me, not to mention I enjoy beer (when I'm not drinking wine).  And so I have been trying to find a time to bring the family to Wurst but so many factors have stopped us from being able to get there to try it out.  During this process I have been in communication with Geoff at Wurst and I have to say above all his customer service has exceeded any I have ever had.  Kudos to Geoff!

And so finally I was able to meet a girlfriend there for lunch/brunch on a Saturday (we had made reservations).  As soon as I walked into the restaurant I was very impressed with pretty much everything.  My gf and I both ordered Benny's for brunch.  I had the smoked salmon & double brie eggs benny and my gf had the duck confit eggs benny.  Both meals were outstanding, the customer service impressive and quality of food for the price just fabulous.  

I also have to mention I enjoyed being able to order samplers of the beer to see if I wanted to indulge more in a particular beer or try a new one. Speaks to me!

I can not think of a con on my first visit to Wurst.  What I would recommend as I did not see it on the menu is adding Schnapps as an option.  The homemade schnapps in Germany is mind boggling good & potent(my family's recipe).   I will return to this restaurant and I will recommend it.  Prost!Oddly enough, one might not think to come here for brunch, but they have one of the tastiest eggs benny that I have ever tried! Paired with a beer off of their good selections and you have a breakfast of champions! Definately a must try if you are a bennys fan. Great patio and wonderful staff every time Iv gone as well.This place is the Wurst!  Actually, it's hard to find something other than it's name that isn't just Uber-Awesome!  

Wurst is on it's second iteration, after only a few short years in business, it was completely flooded out in June 2013's epic disaster.  It was the Wurst for this business (sorry for the pun)!

These guys have reopened, cleaner and better than ever!  I think they might have even lowered their prices!  This restaurant is the closest to a true Bavarian Bierhaus to any I have seen in Canada thus far.  It's set up 'family-style' with long bench laden tables that seat somewhere between 14-50, depending on how busy the night gets any how close you want to get to your neighbour.  

Weekends here are what legends are made of: German Oompa bands, 2 litre Beer boots and 1litre steins that sure make an epic CLANK when you smash two together and yell PROST!

The menu is typically German, taking influences from all across the German regions, even offering a sausage platter that I believe is from 3 different cultural districts!  The food is great and they never skimp out on the multiple mustards and the huge portions of sauerkraut with the sausage plates!

If you went here before the floods, go back!  This places needs a really big year and any local support it can handle!  A unique bar like this needs to stay in Calgary for the long run, so everyone go in once and buy a stein of your favourite German Bier!

Oh, and if you are truly hardcore, you can rent a locker where you can store your cheesy (but yes, cool) beer stein that the servers will fill upon your request!  Just a word to the wise on this one guys... Every female I have visited this pub with definitely stay away from gents that have their own mug.  It's a major fail-factor for meeting girls!Have been at WURST on few occasions( one was a private event); loud and fun atmosphere, great selection on beer but the food is just average; service has always been good and consistent.Wurst is always a good time! Definitely make sure to try the bretzel - but I warn you its huge! Good for sharing! Great food and great atmosphere :)Went for brunch and have to say this place has potential.

Ambiance - 5 stars - very nice upstairs and fun downstairs.  The indoor trees and the rustic decore are very well done.  Music is there but just in the background.  Very beautiful restaurant.

Food - 4.5 stars - We ordered the sausage/bean skillet and duck benedict with some drinks.  Food was very good and great portions.  Price was a bit high but I would call the upstairs upscale dining, so well worth it.

Service - 1 star - We were barely greeted at the front by a woman who, in jeans and a shirt, didn't look or act like she worked there.  Our waitress also ignored us leaving us with empty glasses and regret that we even left a tip.  The place was full but not busy, and 1 waiter/ 5 tables should account for good service.  Having been a waiter I understand bad days and overwork affecting your attitude, but this was just apathy.

Beer - A bit early for us, but the menu looked good and price for 2L is actually a reasonable deal when you do the math ($7.50 a 16oz glass).

I could have given this 4 or even 5 stars with better service, but as it is I will go for the food and leave poor tips for the expected poor service.The most unsatisfying Brunch I've ever had with the most flavourless Omelette ever, I expect this from Denny's but not Wurst.  

When I told the server about the weak Omelette, who in turn grabbed the manager,  who's response was "Have you ever had Bratwurst before?"   I have had Bratwurst, thanks for asking, but your server called this Bawa or some other unintelligible gibberish.   

I do NOT believe the customer is always right but I do believe that you should always treat the customer with respect and I felt that the manager was not treating me with respect at all.  

I returned the uneaten Omelette and was rewarded with 25% off the Omelette. I hope the margin you made on that was worth me and crew never returning.  

You get 2 stars because the Mimosa was good.Wow this place is all the rage right now. If I had a dime for every time I heard a friend tell me they're going here for dinner/drinks... wow!

I went here for the first time on Christmas eve for a nice family dinner. It was such a gorgeous restaurant. I was totally blown away by the decorations and ambitance in the place. I just loved it... I'd give it a 12/10! 

The food was nothing short of expectation and nor was the service! I plan on being back very soon for another delicious meal.

I haven't yet been on the bar side but my friends seem to love it. Stay tuned for me bar review!Last night I attended the opening of Wurst. Opened by the same people who brought us Mercato, this time they were venturing into German (or more specifically, Bavarian food) basically all the items you might find at Oktoberfest. 

I never knew it, but apparently all my favourite foods are Bavarian; Venison Corn Dogs, Lamb Sliders, Stuffed Chicken Wings, along with a spread of smoked meats and Cheese fondue were among the delectable items. My favourite had to be the homemade pretzels and the Bison Profiteroles. 

As this is a Bavarian Food and Beer House, the beer selection is extensive; 20 on tap, and plenty more in bottles. My favourite was Stiegl... in the 1 Litre Mug. 

Something interesting at Wurst is their 'Stein Wall'; for 250$ per year, you can keep your own beer stein in a private locker that only you and the manager have keys to. Part of the fee goes to charity, and although as of last night they are all sold out, they are currently holding a contest to win one (the last day for entries is June 19th). 

All in all, I approve: great food, great beer, a beautiful 2 floor space, and a great location should make Wurst the best new thing in Mission.Decided to try this place ... for Sunday Brunch - with my wife and 17 year old son.
I love the location ... and the look of the place.
They spent YEARS (?!!) rennovating the building just prior to the flood in June 2013 ... then spent another 6 months renovating and re-opened in December.
I was curious!

We parked in Safeway Parking lot ... upon entering we were quickly seated. I got my coffee and was happy. 
Unfortunately my wife got her coffee - but had to wait ... and wait ... and wait for the milk and sugar.  (... it seemed like things were going down hill. Sometimes you just get a feeling. If we had cash in our pocket ... we probably would have left.)

We all orderd some variation of Eggs Benedict.

... well - I have this habit of eating EVERYTHING on my plate ... and over eat all the freaking time.

It becomes very obvious how much I eat ... compared to my active and athletic son. This is kind of becoming upsetting to me ... so while this has nothing to do with Wurst ... it is probably coming out in this review!  Sorry Wurst.

He only ate half his plate, claiming ... "I feel like they cooked the eggs in dirty water - and those were yesterdays fries."

... I kind of felt the same ... but that didn't stop me from eating EVERYTHING.  I pretty much felt like crap the rest of the day.

While I love the idea of this place ... Sunny South Patio, beer, great location ... I will not rush back. I need to choose healthier restaurants ... which focus on quality and smaller portions ... because I just have this terrible habit of over eating no matter how bad the food is.  Damn - why do I do that?

I considered a 2 star rating ... but that is just mean.  3 Stars ... cause the location is amazing ... and despite poor service - our waitress was terribly cute.Fish and chips are VERY salty. The service was really bad :(. However, the jägerschnitzel was very good. Maybe stick to the "German eats" if you dine here!Stopped in for drinks but the only thing good about WURST turned out to be the free wifi. I ordered the Blackberry Bauble and it was pretty weak (too much ice?), so for my next drink I asked the bartender to make me a cocktail using dark rum, blackberries, simple syrup and mint. It was disgusting and tasted like medicine (too much simple syrup) I let the bartender know, she attempted to argue with me, I pushed back. She offered me a beer instead but I'm not a beer drinker do I declined. Couldn't wait to get out of there. Yuck!Was in for drinks the other day, and this is one serious happening joint!  Maybe it's the private party function downstairs, but love the ambience, vibe, and the walkway looking down to the basement.   It's a place to be seen.

Kinda heritage-like decor without the bricks but more wood beams.

Friendly service.

prices to be expected at a Yaletown-ish area, back home.

Like their brunch hours, even til 3pm on weekends.They literally have the worst possible staff running their wait list. They don't comprehend that it's first come first serve and they just let themselves get steamrolled. You should fire your front door staff.I have always had a good time at this place.
Go there for beer and some standard German bar food, but don't expect much from the food menu.
It can get very crowded on the weekends, but almost always happening and loud!The five stars is for the 'pile of bratwurst', which is one of the best dishes I've had in a long time, and for the upstairs dining room which is comfortable and beautiful with an open, outdoors feel to it.  It has a couple of trees and, when I was there, they had some large windows open to let the summer air in.  There's also a very large painting of a pig which is something I think we can all appreciate.

About the bratwurst dish: it's the cheap option among the entrees ($16 versus $21-$39) and so I wasn't really sure what I was going to get, but what I got was high quality sausage, mashed potatoes better than your mom makes (and your mom's mashed potatoes are pretty special), braised red cabbage, a couple other vegetables, all in a rich gravy with some mustard on the side for good measure.  A ton of different tastes and textures in that meal.

I only went downstairs briefly so am not including it in my rating, but will tell you about it anyway.  It's a German-style beer hall with many long wooden tables set in rows.  It seems like a great environment to have some beer, at least if you don't mind loud places and expensive beer (currently about $10/11 for 500 mL of German beer on tap, $8 for 500 mL of Budweiser on tap, and $11 for 500 mL of German beer in a bottle).

My main problem with the beer hall is that they made a nice place to drink and then went and themeparkerized it with girls in tight costumes and beer served out of 2 litre boot-shaped containers.  Maybe I just hate fun, but this kind of stuff bugs me unless I'm at Disneyland.Good calamari....got the sausage platter for main.  Sausages were ok but didn't really seem homemade. Liked the selection of mustards but the potatoes and sauerkraut were pretty bland. The service and excellent beer definitely bumped the score to a 4 star. I'd probably go back but won't be breaking the door down.I was there for a late lunch on a Saturday and actually found the service to be spectacular. However, the place was nearly empty so this could be why. The house brew is excellent, particularly the 1516 and Kolsch.

A few issues I had. Firstly, it is very expensive. Secondly, the chicken schnitzel was far from authentic. It was thick and juicy, and while that is normally a good thing, it doesn't translate well to schnitzel. Appreciated the minimalist salad dressing but the side portion could have been larger.

All that said, the beer quality is surprisingly good with excellent presentation and style. There was clearly some careful decision making in how to approach the beer drinking experience in this venue. If you can afford it, I highly recommend checking it out. I would venture below to the beer hall, however, and skip the upstairs and the food.$45 for beer and sub par schnitzel. Wont be back for dinner, maybe for drinks. 

Having traveled in Germany and Austria, one develops an appreciation for schnitzel. For those who haven't had a chance to visit the land of beer and quality engineering, schnitzel is pork that has been flattened so that it is evenly thin and very crispy when fried. Schnitzel is supposed to be the size of your dinner plate with maybe an accompaniment of some fries or veggies. WURST's rendition makes a mockery of Germany's greatest food. Between the 3 schnitzels ordered, there may have been 6oz of meat. That is an average of 2 ounces per disk for ~$25 a person. For that price, I should be eating caviar rather than pork. 

The beer is good and comes in German sized steins (get the 1 or 2L). You are definitely paying for the experience of drinking in a beer hall though as 1L mugs will run you ~$20 with 2L steins at ~$30. 

11/30We only went for drinks late one evening and I was impressed that they had a gluten free beer on the menu (which can be hard to find) and they had magnars cider which is one if my favourites! I loved the ambience of the place and will Def be coming back for oktober fest!The German food at Wurst is as good as it gets when dining on German cuisine. The sausage  stuffed chicken wing is not to be missed as an appetizer and at $1 each the fresh shucked oysters are a bargain. The large sausage plate feeds two on sausages,kraut,spaetzel instead of potatoes. A side order of the cooked red carnage is a nice touch. Great beer selection.I go inside and I instantly LOL. Yes, it does actually look like an outdoor beer garden in Germany, but this is not an outdoor beer garden, or Germany, or Dubai. This is Calgary and we are indoors. No restaurant in Germany is going to decorate themselves like this. Yet this place decorates a German exterior into an interior, which is ridiculous. Apparently you cannot just have a good German restaurant and kinda make it your own. Oh no, you have to mimick something else, otherwise you can't justify $40 a plate. 

We instantly go downstairs. Again, kinda mimicking the German Beer Hall look, but not as abrasively. I love the benches, it forces people to share shit, which Calgarians seem really reluctant to do. The kitchen has a wide open view of the place, which is SOOOOOOOOOOOO vancouver/unoriginal/retarded. The kitchen is the place you hide in a restaurant; not expose pretentiously. 

The TVs are lame as well, but, I've bitched about this relentlessly towards every bar in this city, so, you know. But credit to them: the volume is loooow and therefore people were talking at a normal tone instead of shouting like baggage handlers around an aircraft engine. 

I thought a beer would calm my nerves. I do not see a waitress so I assume this is a 100% authentic German beer hall where you just go get your own fucking drinks and tip them nothing because everything is so fucking expensive and the service is mechanical and bureaucratic at best (which it was at this place! 5 stars for German authenticity!). I look at the beer list, and good fucking lord, each beer is $9 and up.

So I say: "ok, what's on special?"
Bartender says: "creemore springs!"
I say: "yehyeeehh!"
Bartender proceeds to wash glass, I realize something terrible and intervene
"Uh, how much would that be?"
"$6.50"
"HAHAAH for some shitty beer from southern ontario?"
"yep"
"hahahaha fuck that".

We fucking leave. $6.50 is the cheapest domestic beer, "on special". this place is really trying to mimic the German beer hall experience, right down to the pricing...but of course, tips are expected. fuck off. i'll buy some Hacker Pschorr from co-op and drink them in the parking lot behidn this establishment....drinking behind high end beer halls: also an authentic german experience! BUT AT A TENTH OF THE COST!Went for lunch with a few friends.   We ate upstairs, which has beautiful decor.  I love the enchanting trees with lights the monstrous paintings.
It was almost empty, and thurs service was exceptional.

I ordered the chicken schnitzel and was less than impressed.  It isn't an authentic schnitzel, the meat wasn't pounded thin, and the breading was too bready.  Everyone else seemed to enjoy their lunches though.   I did enjoy having mimosas which were on special.  

We took a peek downstairs at the beer hall type area they had set up, and I can see how service might be an issue if it was packed. 

Going for lunch is a good way to go if you want good service, as they are not overwhelmed.I was here in March while visiting friends in town. I didn't have a chance to explore a lot of Calgary but if they're all as cool as this spot (and delicious) well then Calgary... you just made yourself a new BFF. 

Seriously, this place took the idea of a German Beer Hall and Gastro-house, flipped it upside down, turned it on it's ear, added two floors, pumped it full of beer and made it into an Überkitchen, Wunderbar!!!

The decor fits with most of a similar type of restaurant, exposed brick, reclaimed wood, and statues and pictures of pigs everywhere (ok that's a little different). Upstairs is more sit down dining while the lower level is more typical bavarian beer hall with long communal benches. My dudes and I saddled up here - because it's cool to straddle a bench like you're in high school and you "don't care."

For starters we shared an order of their Chilli nachos ($19). Expensive for 'cho's? Yes. Worth it? Well! You know that problem with MOST resto-nachos where the top has cheese, the bottom has toppings, the chips that do have stuff on them are soggy and the ones that don't are so plain their PAINFUL to eat? Yes I've definitely defined a problem - Well... these Nachos, DON'T have that problem. Perfectly topped, layered, cooked, cheesed, sauce, My F$%^& these were good!

How could we ever follow that up? Glad you asked! Why not some of their signature Bavarian wings ($7 each). Pricey? Ya. But is a wing the size of a 1/2 chicken stuffed to capacity with sausage before cooked worth the price? HELL TO THE YES friendo!

By the time our $29 Alberta beef Striploin came out for mains, I really didn't care anymore. I was properly sated and was merely eating for sport or gluttony (#fatguyproblems). Gotta give you Albertans your due, you grill a mean steak - thank you for this! 

My only disappointment was my $16 Euro beer flight. Maybe it was the selection that comes standard with this flight, maybe I was too full to enjoy, but it went down really rough and did more harm than good. With so many great beers on tap, I'd be best served next time to enjoy a whole pint of something I know and love already!

Calgary... cherish this place. For the love of god, visit it all the time!! 

Eatcrest Out!Had a great experience here, the food is good and the staff are nice. Service is a little slow but it was very busy.A solid German restaurant that sticks to crowd favorite meat and potato fare at a fair price. Most portions are substantial given the heavy nature of the food...I challenge anyone to finish the brunch poutine in one sitting! There is usually a line for brunch unless you get the early, and same goes for the communal table beer hall downstairs on weekend nights where stein holding contests, boot-drinking and standing on the tables are de rigeur. The south-facing patio is a nice alternative during the summer months if you don't want to be accosted by the oompah band. This place is A-OK, so as per Yelp's scale, three stars.I have to say...every time I go to this place, I like it less and less!! It amazes me how crappy the service is in the pub. And the main reason for the crappy service is that it is over packed so the poor servers have to fight crowds to delivery drinks and food. I literally waited over 30 mins to get acknowledged by the server of our section, who then seemed appauled that I was ordering a soda and some food. Which continued to take another 30-45 minutes to arrive. Food came before the soda (go figure), and I then asked for my bill because who knew when I'd see her again.

I don't get why a place woudl sacrifice service to have more people in the buildling. I'm sure it's a fire hazard how they jam everyone in the basement so you can barely walk around. I doubt I'll be rushing back here any time soon.

As for the restaurant upstairs, I'm still madely in love with it. So delicious, so awesome, so everything perfect!!Having spent entirely too much time in Bavarian beer halls, I must say that Wurst recreates the experience as good as I have ever seen.  Right down to the food, which I will say is a cut above anything I have ever had in Germany.  Particular mention has to be made to the kitchen and head chef for sourcing all of the ingredients locally, from the pork to the pickles, it's all lovingly prepared and broken down onsite.

The beer menu is outstanding and appeals to all appetites and I was impressed with the wine list.  Not being a fan of the sweeter wines, I'm not too concerned if the list doesn't contain to many Gerwurtz' or Reislings.  

I think this is a good, if not great, concept that represents an authentic and high end dining experience that is worthy of any multi-star experience I have had in other global food cities.  Well done WurstYes, I just gave a place five stars. Simmer down.

Chelsea selected Wurst as the location for this month's Boys Club, a gathering of tech/web/creative/social media women in Calgary. 

We were, quite fortunately, accompanied by Sarah Ward (a.k.a. @frecklesandash), the restaurant's interior designer.

We sat in The Vol Room, decorated with an extremely large painting of a pig and tastefully appointed with modern lighting, seats and tables.

We all remarked on the wood panels adorning the walls and ceiling. Sarah let us know the rustic approach was quite intentional, to give that old German bier haus feel, and the wood came from a 300-year-old barn in Quebec.

Our server, Andrea, was fantastic. This was -- head and shoulders -- the best service experience I've had in Calgary in a good long while. She knew the menu inside and out, forward and backward. She told us when she found out she was getting hired full time, she made sure she sampled everything on the menu.

She was not only knowledgeable about the menu, but she was pleasant and quick. She also apologized profusely when a beer or wine of choice was not available that evening.

For the food, we started with the charcuterie and it was wolfed down in no time. Andrea explained each item on the board but the second I hear 'brie' there doesn't seem to be anything else worth eating.

I. Love. Brie.

Next came my schweinhauxen, or pork knuckle. Be careful with the pronunciation and do not order a sheizenhauxen, because then you'll get a shit knuckle.

First the accessories ... braised red cabbage, a touch too much of pickle flavouring or something, I can't quite put my finger on it. A small dollop of clumpy mashed potatoes.

So yeah, meh.

But the pork knuckle was as delicious as it was HUGE. There was more than enough for a go-box and I had one happy puppy when I got home.

For dessert, I went for the white chocolate mousse (yummm ... Andrea's favourite). The presentation is adorable, coming in a glass jar - complete with lid - and three cookies. It was pretty good, not very rich at all but not enough cookies to go with the amount of mousse.

In all, a delightful evening. I look forward to a return visit to try the Pile of Bratwurst.Came to Wurst for a special dinner a few weeks ago. I love the huge food and drink menu. I can be a bit of a picky eater so I appreciate having so many choices. 

My BF and I shared the cast iron ribs with smoked beer sauce, the Bavarian wings (pretzel breaded and stuffed with sausage), and the Caesar salad. I probably wouldn't order the ribs again, they were a bit too fatty, and the bone was kind of falling apart. The wings were much larger than we were expecting, and there was really not a lot of chicken meat; probably 90% sausage : 10% chicken. I think the chicken wing is really just a vessel for the delicious sausage... The hot sauce on the outside of the "wings" combined with the mustard dipping sauce was very good. The Caesar salad was milder than most, our server informed us that the dressing is made without anchovies. I really liked the peppercorn dressing. 

The drink menu is fantastic. I tried a beer cocktail which I think was called The Nikki. I don't see it on the online menu and I can't remember exactly what was in it. I think it was Wurst 1516 lager, grapefruit soda, and peach schnapps. So yummy. I also tried the Sir Perry Pear Cider. I really like the 200 ml draft servings. It's a great way to try multiple beers without getting wasted and/or full... 

Our server was great. She was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave us some good suggestions. She stopped us from ordering a third meat dish to share, which I am very thankful for. We couldn't even finish the two that we ordered. 

There is definitely not enough parking in their private lot. Street parking and paid parking lots are close by.Giant pig, Giant servings, Giant beer, Giant boots - made for a giant? 

I finally made it to Wurst last night for a friend's 29th bday (only 1 left for her) and I was so glad I didn't let laziness on a Friday night overtake the night out. Wurst was deadly. We arrived at 8:30pm and were taken to our seats quickly by a friendly hostess to join the others in the party. We had two tables at the back of what was a very cool restaurant. The giant tree, the lights, the awesome long bar, and nice tables - I liked the deco and I was surprised I did.

The waiter was decent, not withstanding that I got the beer wrong on the first order, then again on the second but alas, third time was a charm. He's lucky I like beer - any beer. The German beers was delicious (specifically the Ayinger Bräu Weisse), and the large menu of beer and serving sizes was something I appreciate. Special note to the massive BOOT of beer. HA! Also surprising to me was the food. It was outstanding and very German. This was my first Schnitzel and I was so impressed. I had the Jaeger Schnitzel which came with Spatzle (I don't even know what all of this stuff was until it was in front of me - so it was a new and exciting venture.). The schnitzel was served in a gravy of sorts with mushrooms and onions and was unbelievably delicious - I could have eaten 5 lbs if it wasn't for the ridic amounts of beer inside my stomach. Others had the Schnitzel Chop which was a HUGGGEEEE hunk of something with a bone and a jar of bitter/sour jam. Again, I don't even know what this food was, but it was great. The portions were massive. Don't bother with a starter as the mains will feed two people each and you will want space for beer. My first German food experience left me excited to try more and come back. After supper we went downstairs which was a contrast to the restaurant. I felt catapulted into a German basement that looked like an old hut in the woods with picnic tables, wooden beams and a million 24 years olds drinking more beer than they could handle it seemed. It was very busy by midnight, everyone was pretty liquored, but it was also pretty fun. The music was top 40 and the song choices were my favs (with a random 1980's hit thrown in - loves it). Giant boots were abound and a silly amount of beer is served here on a nightly basis. (A boot of beer is 35$).

I really liked this place and look forward to a redo so I can try more beer and more German food. My waistline is not a fan of this idea however. It never is.Not what I was expecting... It was better! 
I can only review the upstairs portion as that is where we sat, up at the bar after dinner elsewhere. I loved the look and airy feel of the place. I was expecting something more beer-hallish and I think downstairs is where you would find that but upstairs was classy, great bar-service and everyone was eating what looked to be delicious food. No rowdiness up here. The huge trees set up in the dining area between the tables made the space, lit up and so cool! There was a patio where people were hanging out and I was told there were lamp heaters out there and a firepit. The restaurant was clean and unique looking. Lots of warm wood and a cool bar set-up with tons of beer lines built into one great big steel tube.
I do not like beer, my husband does. But all that changed when I tried this grapefruit beer that tasted like a sweet wine! Thanks to this fab bartender I can now have a glass of beer with hubby!
A live German-style band showed up to play downstairs at around 9.(Fri night) They were good!
I want to come back and try the eats. German food has not been too high on my list of faves but from what I have seen on the plates tonight, I wish we had come hungry!
Will be back! (I have to try this pretzel everyone is talking about!)Holy overpriced German food batman! $26 for a bratwurst entree (and that's the cheapest entree they have)is crazy, German food is supposed to be large quantities for cheap with way too much beer..a 200ml glass cost $4, no, just no. I've been to Germany often (born & raised in The Netherlands) and this kind of pretentiousness is shameful and doesnt represent the country and its generosity with food and drink at all. The service was meh, however the taste of the food was good and the decor nice and that's the only reason it got 2 stars.Fun and bumping nightlife, downstairs bench style seating that turns into the dancefloor! Plays some great 90's hip hopCame in on a saturday night. Mediocre service- the waitress had so many tables it was ridiculous. I asked for a cherry whiskey paralyzer and they told me they didnt carry that liquor. Anyways, ordered the big pretzel, wings, poutine, and potato skins.
poutine was awful- and the manger took it off our tab. very well handled. 
potato skins were a very small portion, but very good and hot. 
the big pretzel was huge and warm and amazing. the sides of butter and mustard spread were very small and the waitress didnt tell us which one was which (there is about 4 differemt coloured pastes on the plate). 
the ambiance is very hipster, lots of young rambunctious teens, loud and busy.Waitress scammed us, and the food was at best, subpar. I honestly don't get the appeal of this restaurant. Their food is mediocre: pretzel is dry, their pork is overcooked and flavourless, and their drinks are overpriced. On top of that, the waitress charged us 18% tip automatically even though we were a party of 5, and the restaurant policy is that automatic tip applies only for 8 people or more. Not worth your money or time.I absolutely love going to this place for the boot beers. Although less economical then two one leaders, you sure do feel like a badass drinking one of one of these bad boys. 

I ate there for the first time last night and must say that it was quite delicious buy a tad on the pricey side.. I had the schnitzel tachos and they were good. The schnitzel couldve been a little warmer, but I really enjoyed all of the flavors. The avacado also was a nice surprise and worked well with the other ingridients. The sauce that accompanied the nachos had a nice spicy kick. I wouldnt put too much on because it will over power the other ingridients. 

I am fortunate enough to have friends who will let me snag a bite from their dish. I tried the rib eye and was blown away by it. The meat was so tender that it melted in your mouth. The side of arugula also added a geeat element to the meal (you make the dish into sandwhich). My buddy enjoyed the dish so much so that he ordered it again later on in the evening

My other friend got the schnitzel and was sariafied by his dish as well. I sampled it and was impressed. 

Wurst is expensive, but the portions are large. Its a great beer hall to go with a large group or a couple of buddys, but if your on a tight budget you might be going home drunk and hungryIf you want to have the best breakfast ever, go here. Order the French toast. Gouda...Bacon...Apple slaw...DELICIOUS. Just do it, you will thank me. Might be the best breakfast I have had in Calgary.Favourite bar in Calgary in regards to food. I love this place because it just has such an awesome atmosphere. Downstairs is a very German style benches and awesome for a big group, upstairs is more classy and good for dates or small children. Good for everybody, but it's is quite expensive.It was more on the slow side but the prezel was amazing! Loved the atmosphere and the waitress was nice :3 going to try the fondue next time!Attended this location for the first time today in honor of a colleagues birthday. The service was swift, very informative on the menu and kept a keen eye to refill drinks.

I partook in the chicken club sandwich - a good feed if you are hungry - food arrived hot and was flavorful. The beer selection was decent and most at the table found something they liked. One person even tackled 'the boot' - a 2 litre beast and not for the shy!

Given this lunch and the level of service I would recommend and visit again.The Germans have Das Auto and they also have Das Boot. 2L of beer drinking.

There's the more civil main dining floor and then there's party central downstairs. Starting at the main floor, we started with some food. Ever hear of stuffed chicken wings, well meet mutant massive German sausage chicken wings. Suck it KFC. Pretzels were pretty good.

Now onto the important part, Das Boot. 2L = 6 beer. I thought no problem! Well when Das Boot arrives, you'll say WTF did I just get myself into. FYI it's $60 if you break Das Boot so control your drunkness.

One slight complaint was the manager's attitude. So supposedly according to Alberta liquor law, a patron can't have Das Boot and shots at the same time. Okay.. So being a slight jerk I challenged this since we ordered shots at the get go with no issues. Does the law actually refer to Das Boot? I'd be surprised. The manager chick  hated me. Oh well.

Later on we took Das Boots downstairs where they were a plenty among cowboys/cowgirls dancing on the tables and causing a good 'ol ruckus. Everyone I talked to was cool. No BS pretentiousness here. 

I finished maybe 2/3 of Das Boot. The Germans won.THE chilli bacon calamari, which was on the list of 62 things to eat and drink in Calgary before you die. A $ 16 dish that did not taste like anything but soggy calamari. What a disappointment. 
Dom burger which was on special tonight for $10. Probably the thickest patty I had yet at a pub but the patty was on the dry side. Can't really complain for $10 burgerLet me start this review by saying I loved the venue but we kept running into problems and I began to lose faith. I feel really sad giving this rating because I have heard nothing but awesome things about Wurst, hopefully my next visit can change my mind. A few friends arrived around 7pm at Wurst to grab a table they were told that nothing would be available till around 10:30. So they put their names down for later and we killed some time at another venue close by.

10:30 rolled around and we headed back to Wurst. I really wanted a good pint of beer and some dessert. We were celebrating a friend's birthday and he really wanted to go. We were told they had no idea what we were talking about when we told them we had names down for a group of 7. We spoke to many different staff members who all insisted there was no one on a list by the name we had given. After standing outside in the chilly night air for almost half an hour they let us go into the venue. I don't even know if it was figured out I just know I was happy to go inside the warm building.

We sat down at the table and began looking at the beer menus. The server came by and was in a fake polite mood. Smiling but rolling her eyes when someone asked her a question. (Sorry we didn't memorize the menu.) We had a fairly big group but we were organized and fun natured not rowdy. I could tell right away she was annoyed with our group. She took our orders so quickly she left before the other half of the table had a chance to utter a word and we tried to wave her over to come back since we weren't done but she did not return till some of our drinks came.

Again we ordered some food (the rest of our drinks) and were hoping to get some desserts. Two of our guests ordered a meal while the rest of us were craving something sweet. Again the waitress left before we could even ask her what they were offering for dessert. Finally we got her attention with one of my friends physically tapping her to turn around she came back very angry. Spit out the dessert offerings so fast we all looked at her as if she were speaking in tongues.

I split the apple crisp with my significant other. It wasn't my favourite I felt I could have done a better job making it from scratch at home. Maybe it was the bad taste left in my mouth from our server though. The beer I ordered however was awesome. I love dark beer and I think I could have enjoyed almost every single beer on the list.

I really did love this venue. The upstairs was cozy and fun and the basement was a riot I felt like I was back in Europe I felt very at home. However I was not impressed with the service. Everyone in our group picked up on her attitude and yes I do feel bad if she was going through some tough things however I have worked in the service industry for four years and have always kept my cool in front of my customers (even when they were screaming in my face).

Although we were a big group and I understand they can be tough to handle we didn't like feeling so rushed and we clearly were a burden to our server which was reflected strongly when it came to paying our tab. I would go back to Wurst again I just hope when it comes to eating a meal there I don't have to feel like I'm competing in a 100 yard dash to place my order.Can't speak to the food but after waiting for a table for 45 minutes and then having it taken by someone who just walked in the door was very frustrating.  Having a hostess downstairs from 6-9 and implementing a wait list probably wouldn't be that hard.I love their selection of beers, and that the servers are able to give great recommendations. 

Their section in the back of the restaurant is perfect for a large group - I really enjoy dining here.  Their food has improved a lot from my first visit - it is still tough to find healthy selections.  The charcuterie boards and prawn entree are both delicious!I cannot comment on the food, but spent some time there over the holidays downstairs in the beer hall and enjoyed the beer sampler on the house thanks to being with a friend of the venue.  While the beer is good, I opted for a fruity martini.  At $12 a pop it was worth it!  I know... odd for a place boasting about beer.Food was good but not really authentic. tbh the beers I tried weren't that good bar one (I got the sample tray).I've lived in Germany and they could import better but the waitress was niceAlways a great meal! Loved the traditional German dance troop and band down in the beer hall. I think that's in Friday nights. You can buy a stein and they will store it for you in a stein locker for when you come back.A group of us were there for a birthday party and when we got there we were greeted by a  door man with a chip on his shoulder.  We asked to speak with management and we're treated like we were idiot (he never did get someone for us). It is really to bad because the place was a great time and our server was amazing. I just believe that a first impression is everything and this person is not what I would want as the face of my business. I had been looking forward to the reopening for a long time and to be treated this way leaves a bad taste in my mouth.It doesn't get much Wurst than this. There's a new restaurant and German bier hall where Wildwood used to be. And man oh man, you're in for a treat. My very first time here was for the opening. Yes, it was an evening made to impress. I saved my first review for a return visit to see an ordinary evening out would see the same levels of quality and service.

I stopped in to meet a couple of friends for some birthday drinks (not mine) on Saturday night. I wasn't sure if they'd be upstairs or downstairs, so I did a quick round through the restaurant first. When I was here for the opening there was plenty of standing room. Now that standing room has been replaced with more seating. Nice for those seated so more of them can be accommodated, not so easy to do a walk around through. With all tables full, it was a little cramped getting through there, especially when a server was in the midst of taking somebody's order and there's no way around her. The cool part about the restaurant are the live trees in the middle of it. Yep! Real, live trees. 

Downstairs was-thankfully-far less busy than the opening. Don't get the wrong idea, it was still pretty full of people, you just didn't have to make friends with every person you met as you tried to politely brush past them. The long, wooden tables provided ample seating and encouraged patrons to sit where there's room. Only half a table open? No problem! Take a seat, there's plenty of room here. Besides the open kitchen, I'm most excited to see what bier steins start showing up in the lockers by the stairs. You can rent one of your very own you know.

My friends had been here awhile and I had just missed our server coming around for our drink order. So I headed on upto the bar. It was maybe a 10 minute wait in total to get my drink. As I waited, I watched the staff behind the bar. Moving and maneuvering around one another, they were constantly on the go but able to move out of each others way where needed. As one bartender was pouring a beer, she looked up and asked me what I wanted. Multi-tasking with the orders. Efficient. I like it. I told her I wanted something that was a light ale with citrus. She suggested a grapefruit beer. I liked it so much I had another later in the night.

All in all, a delightful evening. Wurst was spot on. I can't wait to go back for some of the lamb and goat cheese crepes I tried at the opening.I love the atmosphere here with the lit up trees inside and the authentic German feel. I had the Weinersnitzle and it was fantastic, very similar to what you would find in Munich or Salzburg. They have a great selection of beers on tap and its always a happening place on the weekend. The only downside is, like a lot of trendy places in Calgary, it is a bit pricey for pub food.This German restaurant has amazing food as well as a lot of choices for beer or wine. Atmoshphere upstairs is a restaurant and downstairs is the beer house where you can also eat food, good time and great food!! The service is quick and friendly, the bavarian wings are amazing and a must try!I have gone twice in past month and ate upstairs.  The food is satisfying (sausage platter 1st time, schnitzel BLT 2nd time). Hardy heavy food which hits a hungry stomach well.  

My last time at Wurst, our drinks took a long time to come (over 20 minutes) we didn't make any comment but the waitress was very apologetic and took care of our first round.  This appreciative gesture will make me return.

Good food, great service, casual vibe.I agree with PD's assessment that this is not an authentic German establishment rather a "Canadian-ised" wannabe ethnic cuisine.  The menu and the music instantly gives it away.

The beer hall downstairs is a good place to mingle with friends and is a clear favourite for large gatherings of friends.

However, the TV screens showing footage of log fires is completely tacky.

The signature Saturday special of schweinshaxen were very disappointing.  The hocks had been over brined, and over smoked to the point that the outer skin resembled shoe leather in consistency.  The meat was too salty and not nearly as tender as it should have been.  Quite foul.   The red cabbage was over cooked and badly seasoned.

Despite having Schnieder Weisse Original beer on the menu, neither our waitperson nor the bartender had heard of it ... and it turns out, they didn't have any.  The other bottled Schneider beer served up as an alternate tasted long past its BB date.

Thankfully we had great company so the backdrop of bad food and drink didn't overshadow our evening.Excellent food, cool atmosphere, worst service, and aggressive bouncers. 

I came with a large group of friends on New Year's Eve this year and I had offered to be DD, when I arrived and found a spot to sit with my friends, I tried to order the poutine, when we started our order I explained I was dd and asked for a water our waitress sighed and walked away without taking our food order which we had expressed we wanted. When we finally got our poutine though it was really incredible, really crisp and the green peas were a neat twist. 

As the night progressed I watched the bouncers interact with the patrons and was really upset at how the treated the customers. My friends revived verbal threats of violence from several different bouncers. At about 10pm everyone around us started to dance on the large communal tables so we got up to participate but had a bouncer come up and pull one of my friends down and try and kick him out. when my friend asked what he had done the bouncer told him he had choice to leave on his own or he would take him outside himself and beat him up. 

All the bouncers used crude and aggressive language, and were quick to there tempers and overall unprofessional. 

Our night ended by my one female friend being kicked out and left outside without her jacket, and none of her friends in the -15 degree weather. I have a hard time understanding how you can treat another human being how a lot of my friends were treated by the bouncers that night. 

I gave wurst 2 stars because I imagine if you were to come for lunch or an early dinner and just eat and leave it could be a cool place and the food is really good, but for events or if your looking to make a night of it I would not recommend.Not a terrible place to go with a group of friends. Food was alright, nothing to write home about. Sauerkraut was subpar, the pork was alright, and the pretzel was a pretzel. The best part of the night was the band that came around and sang and played for us, encouraging us to get on the table and let loose.Love it here! Both the beer hall and upstairs are great! Wonderful service and fantastic food! Fun atmosphere, even better music. We ordered mostly appetizers, and split a main meal between the two of us, that way we got to try a bit of everything.Horrible. Bad food. Bad service. Parking is ridiculous. Only good thing is the napkins and beer. Which the beer is totally overpriced.I'm from Bavaria, Germany and on holiday in Canada. My friends told me I should check out the WURST to get food that feels like home. And it did. 
When the chef found out that I'm from Germany and 'testing' the food, he came up to my table and we had a very nice talk 
The food was awesome. The sausage, calamari and the schnitzel has been awesome and the service was nice.My wife, arrived with family and friends for a world cup. They lost their reservation?? right? They gave it away it seems.  Parking you need to pay for so $50 plus for beer, food each and yet pay for parking. Not great!!This is an excellent restaurant with a fresh unique menu. I love the bavarian wings and the pork knuckle is one of the best dishes around. Not your every day generic calgary restaurant. Thank you for the originality wurst.$3 mimosas for lunch!!!!!Pork glorious pork  .... mixed grill for 2 or more is absolutely awesomeWhy not get a 2L beer!Why do ugly Calgarians they can reserve tables in a communal environment? Otherwise, it's fun but a little pricey.The weekend brunch is stellar. Try the French toast!Great lobster salad upstairs at Wurst.Great beer selection!I love their Caesars w/ their housemade  smoked ketchup in the cowboy boot. Yum!Too busy to get a seat. The servers didn't even give eye contact let alone ask if I needed anything or at least welcome me.Been here twice already. I LOVE this place, my favourite new drinking establishment.Game of Throne viewing parties start April 12!The Crispy Cod sandwich is EXTREMELY salty. :(Wow, they are expensive ...!OustersThe most amazing French fries! The roast chicken is also where it's at!Yum! Love the pretzel and sausages! Downstairs is also the place to be if you like a place to drink, sit/stand and chit chat.Good food, pricey beer thoughKoning Shoeven Tripel is a nice fruity light beer.Wurst is always a good time! Great food and great atmosphere :)Wurst is....worst.Atmosphere is pretty good but the food sucks!Awesome spot for a romantic or upscale brunch. Don't miss the 3$ Mimosas!Worth the waot.Great breakfast . really loved their food and the place, but didn't have chance to try their breakfast. plus it's in very quite neighbourhoodI'd go here again but it wouldn't be my first choice. I thought it was quite expensive, and maybe I had just heard too many good things, but I was expecting more. I had the salmon and avocado eggs benny anda coffee. The service was very, very slow. It was a weekday morning and not crazy busy, but as far as I could tell the servers seemed to be chatting to each other rather then checking on tables or taking orders. I don't need to be asked if I'm enjoying my meal every 5 or 10 minutes, but a coffee refill would be great. 

I'd probably suggest somewhere else next time, but I wouldn't be upset to eat here again.The food here was incredible. And bonus - local fare! The serving staff were friendly and the atmosphere was really relaxed. It was a busy little place even on a Monday morning (always a good sign!) if you haven't tried it yet -  it's a must!The food is fresh, organic, and delicious! 

I have been looking for some place like this for a while! Everything on the menu is purchased from local farmers and businesses. The restaurant is small and intimate and that makes it well worth the wait - You can actually hear yourself and your companions without having to talk loudly.

 I had the Eggs Benedict with roasted red pepper and avocado - It was to die for! I am not sure what it is with most places in Calgary but they do not know how to make eggs Benedict right; there is usually too much hollandaise sauce, about 1/3 more food on your plate than you really should eat, combined with lame fruit or package-cooked hash browns. Some places even go as far as using a margarine-made crescent: not cool people!

I can without a doubt say The Dairy Lane Cafe makes Calgary's best Eggs Benedict! 

First off portions: You get two half English muffin slices each topped with a medium sized egg, and just the right splash of hollandaise. You get all the flavor and don't feel sick afterwards for consuming 1/4 cup of butter. The fruit it came with (you can also have the standard hash browns) was fresh with a hearty portion. When I finished the meal I was full and pleased.
Next flavor: homemade delicate yet tasty hollandaise, multi-grain freshly baked English muffin, locally sourced free-range eggs, fresh vegetables. The toppings (in my case red pepper + avocado, but also you can choose back bacon + tomato or smoked Salmon) were perfectly cooked and placed appropriately.

Awe yes and the coffee is fresh and a good blend, bottomless with attentive service.

So come check out an amazing breakfast Calgary!Love this place, cute location and it's walking distance from my house so my boyfriend and I frequent it weekly. All the servers are so friendly and inviting, and the restaurant is small so it feels like you're being welcomed into a friends house. Also, their coffee blend is one of the best in the city in my opinion... I always have 3 cups while I'm there and I usually only make it through half a cup anywhere else (It's a fratello so it makes sense). Always get a stuffed savory french toast, the portion is huge, and I always finish it because it's that good. Cute patio too :)I'm pretty sure I had the best burger I've ever eaten here. True story.
I came here for dinner when I was feeling a bit tired/hungover and it was the perfect cure. The waitress was super friendly and helpful from the moment we walked in, and I was able to get one of my favourite dark beers and my first ever root beer float straight away (although she seemed a little amused that both of those items were for me). The root beer float had heaps of ice cream and they give you the rest of the glass bottle to keep topping up the root beer (making it foam even more!).
I got the Dairy Lane Burger, and added a bunch of extras like mushroom (because it's not really a burger without mushroom), bacon (ditto, which came extra crispy just as requested - as bacon should be), peppered gouda (because by now I was just on a roll) and happily changed the sauce for me to sweet pepper mayo when I spied it lurking on another burger. Even better, you can get a side of soup with the burger, and the soup of the day was potato and bacon. Even more bacon! I'm pretty sure this 'soup' is really just a grownup way of eating mashed potato with bacon, but I love it. 
This place takes part in Mealshare, and have a separate menu where if you buy something off that menu, they donate a meal to Mealshare. I loved this idea but just couldn't pass up the burger on the regular menu. They also list all of their local suppliers on a board behind the counter area which my friend thought was a bit pretentious but I really liked - I'd always pick local produce and businesses.I've been here twice and impressed both breakfasts.  The service and the food is consistently outstanding.  Great sized portions and there's variety to enjoy.  When the menu offers fresh fruit. It is exactly what it states; fresh berries and sliced citrus fruits.   So good!  The coffee is fresh and of high quality.  If you're waiting in line to dine at this little gem, you'll be offered coffee while you wait for a table.  Just another way this place makes you feel welcome!  It's a lot easier to wait 20 minutes when you've got a fresh cup of coffee to sip on! 
 
Always friendly, professional service, and always great food to enjoy!Dairy Lane is one of my favourite breakfast spots in Calgary. Located in West Hillhurst in a low key area so I still think it's a bit of a hidden gem! Delicious food, filling portions  and great service!I've been to Dairy Lane Cafe twice.. Once for breakfast and once for dinner. Breakfast was good, dinner was great!!

When I went for breakfast, it was packed - so we had to wait about 15 minutes for a table. Once we were seated, I tried this dish with eggs and nachos and it was excellent! Very tasty. Service was alright, a bit on the slow side, but its a small restaurant with limited staff, so you have to know this when visiting this place.

A few weeks later I had a craving for a burger so we popped in there to check out their burgers. I had the first burger on the menu, which is their standard beef burger and my dining partner had a bison burger (special of the day). I remember mine absolutely delectable. I might have taken a bite of the bison burger too, but cannot remember much of that because my tastebuds were swimming in the pleasures of my beef burger. It was seriously good. I had a glass of wine to go with it too, but I found that to be a bit expensive.

Overall, I would most definitely go back here for burgers! Be prepared to wait though.I finally had the pleasure of eating at the infamous Dairy Lane Cafe. The savoury stuffed french toast was simply the best! Everything there is local and fresh, organic wherever possible. Even added touches like homemade seasonal jams. It was worth the wait and definitely a spot I will be back to in the future!Found this place on yelp of course :)   it is super cute inside and the staff are friendly with a chill attitude . Service was really quick which was good as I was super hangry.  I had the tomato basil omelette and coffee and it was so tasty! The potato hash was delicious    the prices are a bit high but the quality of food is totally worth it. 

Also- gluten friendly!The Dairy Lane offers a country atmosphere in the bustling city. Located right outside Kensignton, it's truly a gem. If you want to go to the Dairy Lane, I suggest going early--the lineups only get longer as the day goes on. Unless you're okay waiting, then feel free to take your time! There isn't a lot of seating, but the service and food are extremely good.

I recommend the stuffed french toast with the berry compote. It's my favourite. 

The Dairy Lane is also good for people with many allergies--they are sensitive and kind. I went with a friend who has a litany of allergies, and they didn't give her a hard time about them or act like they were her responsibility (she has had this attitude at different places before). All-in-all I would recommend the Dairy Lane to anyone living in or visiting Calgary. It's a great spot.Great little spot! Delish food and coffee. Great service. Good atmosphere. Everybody is friendly and nothing takes too long. I love their stuffed french toast, it's definitely my go to breakfast when I'm at Dairylane!It's great to have this little gem in my neighborhood. There's always a wait for weekend breakfast/lunch so I tend to go for early dinners. The food is tasty and prepared with care but it can take a while if they're busy. The fried chicken and milkshakes have been especially delicious. Mysteriously, the soup is chronically underseasoned. Service is good and it seems like a well-run establishment. I'll be a regular for years to come.Dairy Lane Cafe uses reusable energy, recycled products & organic foods. The available seating space is quite limited so you might be forced to wait for a table with a hot cup of coffee outside. The food was incredible with a large portion size. Whether you're a visiting tourist or a local resident, I strongly suggest you give this place a try!If you are looking for breakfast, lunch or dinner, Dairy Lane will give you one hell of a delicious meal!

Have brunched here and was very happy with my avocado and roasted red pepper benny, but the burgers! Let joy be unconfined. I had the Dairy Lane Burger today and since I had not eaten anything prior, decided to add everything on it.

That is right, I added: bacon, cheese, mushrooms and a fried egg.
This burger was so very, very good. I think even if I had been stingy and just eaten it with no extras, it would have held up nicely on its own. The bun itself was delectable, I am trying to think how to describe it, like a cheese, savoury bun, OMG it also was able to take the pounding my burger toppings gave it.

I think Dairy Lane deserves a big plus for their menu's accommodation, you can get gluten free buns, and they actually have vegan dishes. So nice to see a brunch (and dinner!)  able to ensure all its guests have a great meal.

Another big plus is it's licensed, I will never say no to a nice bottle of beer to wash my burger down.

This place is very small though, so be sure to arrive early or at off times. We came for a 2:30 lunch on a Friday and we almost didn't get a table!My buddy and I hopped over to this little Kensington hole-in-the-wall after driving to their sister restaurant (Blue Star Diner) and finding renovation signs in the window. I'm glad we came here, though - this was one of the best brunch meals I've had since moving to Calgary. Cheap, it is not - I browsed a few reviews already of patrons complaining about the menu prices and affluence of the neighbourhood - but the food quality was definitely there! 

We sat on the patio at Dairy Lane and enjoyed prime people watching as we sipped on waters and made small talk before our server arrived to take our orders. As this was back in August, I can't quite remember what exactly I ordered, but it was delicious. The eggs were soft and light, but buttery - read: not oily - while the meat was a tad dry and unseasoned. My friend's Benny order was screwed up, but he decided to take the Omelette that they had made instead and really loved it!

The server was very friendly and accommodating, despite the order screw-up, but the service seemed a tad rushed for not even having a line out the door. Perhaps this place could benefit from having an extra server during brunch hours. The café is small and cozy, with a beautiful wood-themed patio, comfy seats and a relaxed, easygoing ambience. The clientele consisted of chatty urbanites and youthful couples. If you're in the neighbourhood, Dairy Lane is certainly worth stopping for!I would love them soooo mch more if they took reservations!  Seriously guys - open up some extra space (buy upstairs) and reach your potential!  So may people waiting soooo long :(

Minus the wait - great place!What a great little place for breakfast. Wow! My boyfriend and I went to this quaint place because of it's great reviews and we were not disappointed.

I had the Yogurt and Granola and the boyfriend has the Eggs Benny with red pepper and avocado. Both were amazingly delicious. The fruit and yogurt was perfect. It was plain yogurt seasoned with home made granola piled with a variety of fruits including pineapples, oranges and grapes. I've never seen so much colour on a breakfast plate.

The Eggs and Benny has a side of hashbrowns, but we suggest you skip the hashbrowns and replace it with a side of fruit you might believe you're eating a healthy breakfast. There wasn't too much hollandaise on the Eggs Benedict. It was the perfect amount ((considering how fattening the hollandaise is in the first place)). 

We'll be back to check out the dinner and definitely back for breakfast.A very low key, hole in the wall cafe with great food & service. Perfect for brunch or breakfast. Bottomless coffee 

Server knowledge: 4.5
Server attitude: 5
Fast service: 4
Food Menu: 4
Drinks Menu: 4
Food quality: 5
Food Portion: 4.5
Ambience: 4
Distance to other tables: 3.5
Cleanliness: 4.5
Comfort: 4
Waiting time to get seated: 3
Price: 4.5Being a New Englander who loves a good breakfast/brunch I was jonesing for some comfort food - I had read that Dairy Lane is one of the best breafasts in Calgary.  So I had to check it out.

I rented a car one weekend and a friend and I headed there for breaky.  It's very small - it might seat about 20 at most.  There were a few people waiting already - you have to walk into the back of the restaurant to wait in a small hallway.  But its nice that they'll give you your coffee and have fixings for it in the hallway.

My egg scramble was good - nice organic ingredients.  But it was nothing special.  If this is the best that Calgary has to offer for breakfast I'm bumming.Tasty burgers at a not insane price, adding cheese or bacon however is over priced.  The burgers bun really needs to be toasted a bit or they become extremely soggy, mainly because if the excessive house sauce added.  
  
The burger itself was tasty if too lightly seasoned.

The side pickle was tasty but I found the tomato to be bland, it certainly wasn't fresh.  The fries were tasty and when asked were delivered with mayo- at an insane (and undisclosed) price.

Not worth a trip but acceptable if close.Great little neighborhood diner. Very small place. Both of us had the dairy lane burger. It was very good. Would order it again. The desserts were good too. Go early as it gets very crowded due to its size.I'll make this one quick and easy.

Ambiance is ok. Too small and tight. If there are more than 4 or 5 tables full, get ready to listen in all your neighbor's conversations.

Décor is nice. Lots of old pictures of Calgary and some interesting art. Music is eclectic but it can become a little too loud, especially if your under the speaker. The fresh flowers on the tables is nice.

As far as the food, we have only had the Dairy Lane Burgers so far and they are amazing. You can taste the difference that quality grass fed beef has. Juicy. Tender. D-Lish! They actually use organic red (not white) tomatoes which is great.

The fries however, not so great. They use Kennebec potatoes. These are supposed to be the best possible potatoes for french fries. If they are, then they don't fry them right. They are too soggy. We asked for crispier ones the next time and they were still the same, soggy.

I decided the following time not to order the fries with my burger but I was still charged for something I didn't like or want.

All in all, a good place to try if it's not too crowded.What a gem, been here since 1950! The waitstaff were just lovely, and our meal was scrumptious. Locally sourced ingredients, and the breakfast was a taste treat. I highly recommend this cute cafe.We found this place on Yelp on our last day in Calgary.  We arrived around 10:30 and the wait was only about 20 minutes... which I thought was great for a Saturday morning.  I ordered the smoked salmon & avocado benedict.  My boyfriend ordered the cheese burger.  My benedict was excellent and my boyfriend enjoyed his meal too.  The only gripe I had was that our food took awhile, when compared to the tables who ordered before/after us.Had a great breakfast there this morning. Although the place itself is pretty small, their turnover is very quick and the staff is great. Our server was quick and helpful and the eggs benedict, even though a bit on the pricier side, are AWESOME.

Definitely worth a visit.The service is awful.  I ended up leaving after 60 minutes having never received my order. Everyone around me had their  food. Last time I was there, the screeching kid made my ears hurt we were sitting so close together.   again. The food is good, the rest needs a lot of workThis place doesn't really need another review saying how great it is, but we stopped in there tonight and the burgers were great. Reasonable wait, okay prices for the quality we got (~$35 for two), and nice interior. The place is tiny, about 20 people capacity or something like that, but at night it isn't super busy. I've passed by on Sunday morning, if you get cranky when you are hungry then don't bother, you'll be waiting forever.It took no less than the estimated twenty minutes before we finally sat down, but with so many people to patiently wait along side with and the promise of a scrumptious meal to look forward to, queuing in front of Dairy Lane on this lazy Sunday afternoon wasn't so bad after all. In an attempt to lessen the wait time, we agreed at check-in to take a take inside or out, but almost regretted doing so as we realized how unexpectedly chilly it was. The patio diners seemed happy enough though. Not even everyone was using the cozy-looking blue blankets that were provided. Luckily, we got a table inside.

Two waters each (why I'm not sure, but we weren't going to make a fuss) as well as coffee (with a side of milk) and tea (with a side of soy) were brought pronto to warm (and wake) us up. The benedicts we opted for - mine with smoked salmon and pickled asparagus, my brunch date's with avocado and roasted red pepper, both with medium eggs - were just perfect. Simply sided with tiny little cubes of crispy home fries and a gooseberry garnish, the dishes were deliciously filling. 

Besides the varied menu, fast and friendly service, and cozy decor, the fact that Dairy Lane sources almost all of its ingredients locally and organically leaves pretty much nothing else to be desired (except for the ability to wake up earlier to beat the crowds).Excellent food, good service, nice featured items. Only problem? They need more tables :-).So disappointed.  This was one of my favourite restaurants in town for years.  Went there yesterday after a gap of a few years and found that they have changed a lot.

Food was terrible! Both my wife and I ordered things that we've had in t(e past and they were hardly edible.  The coffee was burnt and the tea was lukewarm.  We will be giving the dairy lane a pass in the future.  Such a shame.Tried Dairy Lane for the first time with my family - and while we waited outside for a table, we were served yummy hot chocolate to take the edge off the late winter / early spring morning chill. Once inside (it's tiny!) we were spoiled rotten by brisk, attentive, oh-so-friendly service, and the food is to die for. I had eggs benny (medium poached) with smoked salmon + pickled asparagus + hash browns, my wife had an omelette all-in, and my son had the four-cheese grilled multigrain sandwich with tomato basil soup. Best breakfast I've had (and that's comparing with The Palliser, the Danish Canadian Club, and Diner Deluxe). I'm most definitely coming back!What a delightful dining experience. The people working here made us feel like regulars. The food was delicious. My son had a kids burger, my husband had the buttermilk chicken sandwich, and I had the Cali chicken sandwich. All were super yummy, fresh, and unique. The kids split a tasty milkshake for dessert. The neighborhood was pretty cute too.Aesthetically pleasing, small cafe in Kensington. Visited on a Saturday, around 1pm, and it was pretty busy. Service was very friendly, however very slow. I got a Savoury French Toast, my friend got a Breakfast Burrito, and it took around 40 minutes for the food to arrive. 

The portion sizes are very big, somewhat justifying the expensive price for one meal. I believe the burrito and french toast were $17 each. I also felt as if the food lacked flavour. There was some salt & pepper here and there, but overall the meal was very one-dimensional. We had to add lots of hot sauce for it to taste decent. Despite this, the potatoes that come with each meal are AMAZING. (Tip: this may sound odd but the potatoes with syrup is a winning combination !!!)

Overall, nice place for breakfast/brunch, but the only reason I'd return is for the potatoes.Long wait and they don't take reservations. We had breakfast burrito and all in omelette on Sunday morning. Food was good, service was nice.Tried it today and will now be a regular.

Upon entering I was made to feel at home and I was very comfortable.  The staff were professional and the service was first rate.

I ordered a pork and chorizo burger with a side of black bean and corn soup.  The flavours were vibrant and tasty without being overwhelming.  

As information, the inside of the restaurant seats 25 or so people, and another 20 or so on the sidewalk patio.  That said, the tables seem to turn over fairly quickly and those waiting were given coffee by the staff.  Nice touch.  

They serve wine and beer, and seemed to have a nice selection of desserts.  

I can't wait to go back.  Give it a try.

....and back I went for a late afternoon lunch.  

Note: Kitchen closes at 4 PM for 30 minutes.  

I had the Dairy Lane burger with bacon and fries.  It was terrific.    I noticed the list of Alberta suppliers on the wall.   The local sourcing of food combined with the care and attention it gets in prep make for great results.We came to Dairy Lane solely based on yelp reviews (God I LOVE Yelp!)
And as always we were not disappointed!
I Enjoyed the Eggs Benedict w back bacon and Tomato, and my companion the breakfast Sammy..
We both loved our meals and the hand cut potatoes are cooked perfectly!
The coffee was delicious and the cups never got below 3/4 full when the servers asked if you needed a refill!
We will definitely be back!What a great brunch place! If you are a local or visiting the city, this place is a must. Nice patio to enjoy your meal outside with friendly service.

The stuffed french toast was SUPERB. I went for the savory over the sweet. It was a very difficult decision. The home fries are cooked well, just crispy enough to my liking. 

My friend ordered the classic breaky and it hit the spot for him.

Beer and wine are available as well!

I can't wait to go back to try the sweet stuffed french toast!Cute spot. The food was incredible! I ordered  toast and it had a lot going on. Eggs on top were poached to precise specifications! Yummy coffee. Not the BEST service but friendly.First time to this restaurant. In town on a business trip and found it on Yelp. 

Had the smoked meat hash from the features menu. It was ok. The ingredients were fresh which was awesome but I thought the dish could have been a little more epic considering the reviews for the restaurant. The GF bun as a substitute for toast was terrible. Huge and doughy. GF bread would have been better. But their homemade jam was fantastic and the coffee was awesome. 

Service was also good. Obviously a popular place as there was a short wait. Service is quick.Went here last weekend around 10am, just before the rush hit, and there was a 20 minute wait. It was a beautiful day though and for those of you who can't operate without caffeine in the morning, they offer you coffee while you wait  It's a small space though so you have to wait outside.... I imagine it's not so fun in the mid winter! 

The atmosphere is cozy and friendly. The service is good and my coffee never went empty.

My husband ordered the breakfast burritio which he really enjoyed. I ordered the DL hash with added mushrooms and brisket. It would have been a great hash without those things as well, with lots of ingredients like sauteed kale, grilled zucchini, cherry tomatoes,  bit of fresh grated cheese and poached eggs with hollandaise. The mushrooms and brisket just made it a bit richer and filling so I could make it last for 2 while meals! It was delicious and with a bit of hot sauce to cut through the richness I had created, it was a perfect breakfast for that day!

The bill didn't kill me considering we both had caesars...expensive with no specials but so good! They use quality ingredients for it (I find some places water down the clamato too much and use bad quality garnishes) which makes it delicious... but heavy enough that you only need one :P

I'll definitely be back to try some other items! Hopefully the coffee will keep me warm while I wait in the cold of winter lolIt's tiny, it's cute, and it's busy even on a Monday morning. Today was my first visit to Dairy Lane. I figured a Monday would be a safe day to avoid lineups and enjoy a quieter morning meal. Though it may have been quiet by Dairy Lane's weekend standards, there was still a solid queue of people waiting for tables the whole morning.

When I got there, there were only a couple of people  waiting ahead of me. We were both in the back waiting room (yes, there's a back waiting room!). They even gave me coffee while I waited. How nice is that?

Once we were seated, our server was prompt with more bevvies and menus. I've been hearing wonderful things about the eggs benny, so that's what I got! So did one of my breakfast mates. I'm not sorry I did. They were delish! I got them with avocado and roasted red pepper. The portion was filling, and ran about $12.75 for the dish. The coffee we were drinking required some cream and sugar though. But I'm finding that to be the norm with most diner/breakfast place coffee. 

If you can, I'd save your visit for an off-day too. It's a great little spot (and by little I mean they have like 8 tables total... maybe 10), but it sounds like the lineups get a little ridiculous on the weekends.Don't miss the avocado toast!  I love the red blankets.Ya, it's always the places with the best food that are super packed! Sometimes if I'm in the area, I'll get a breakfast burrito to-go.

I recently had their Mexicali Omelette substituting chicken sausage for the pork. The banana peppers had a refreshing burst of flavor, although I had to spice it up with some hot sauce (my indian urge for spice getting the best of me). I'm unsure of the jam they had served, but it was a nice compliment to my toast (tasted like some sort of a rhubarb mix?!).

Until next time Dairy Lane.Needless to say, this place lives up to all the hype in the reviews. I am hesitant to leave another glowing review for this place, as it's already hard enough to get a table here, but it is soooooooo good. I don't think I'd wait an hour though. I won't wait an hour for anything as there are plenty of good restaurants. But if you can hit this place and only have 30-45min wait, and good company to chat with while waiting, it's worth it!

Everything is sourced somewhat locally. You know exactly where the food you are eating comes from as it's on their chalkboard. I'm sure you can try anything on the menu and be happy. I will say though, go for a milkshake or lemonade. The milkshakes are old fashioned deliciousness, and the lemonade was perfect!! Not that sugary crap, just perfectly refreshing.

I can't wait to be back!Small, and cute space! Had to wait ~45 mins for a table but the Dairy Lane gang gave us coffee (Fratello coffee, which is so delicious I pounded 8 cups of it in the total of 3 hours that I was there) and a place to sit in their waiting-hallway in the back. 

The wait was super interesting too 'cause they have pictures and bios of some of their suppliers there. They were getting a shipment of pork that morning and I had to do a double take because the dude lugging the pork in was the same farmer on one of their posters. To know that Dairy Lane Cafe has that kind of close relationship with their suppliers is amazing!

The food is amazing too, I ate the "Triple Double" which had a little bit of everything: bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, and potatoes. I was stuffed and the prices are super reasonable. 

Can't wait to go backIt's small and quite bustling on weekends. I like busy places when I'm brunching, I think that's kind of how brunch should be. All the chaos and clanking cutlery, the hung over folks mixed with the rise n shiners. This is that kind of place, with a mix of people all making the pilgrimage for the same reason: brunch.

I have been to Dairy Lane a few times, mostly for brunch. I have also tried their burgers on an evening stop over - which are excellent.

As everyone says, be prepared to wait a bit. It's a small resto and the owners know this and do their best to make it a comfy wait. While you are waiting, the staff will hook you up with a hot drink and there is a bit of space to wait in the back of the resto. If you are outside, there are blankets to keep you warm - such a thoughtful touch, I love it!

The food here is always bang on. I have never had a bad meal and this place never fails to please the company I bring.  The menu is littered with local ingredients (Spraggs, Silverstar) and Dairy Lanes offerings just sound so darn good. I pretty much always order the traditional breakfast: 2 eggs, bacon, hashbrowns and toast. I love it every time and always have a big smile after that breakfast. I always say I will try the breakfast sandwich, stuffed french toast or even a special - but it's always one of those " I'll try that next time" because I can't resist the traditional and I know I'll be back. I am seriously considering rocking it out hobbit style, with second breakfast just so I can try more of the menu. 

Yummy eats, spot on service and lovely atmosphere - I say add this place to your list of brunch places to hit up.The food is alright. I like that they use organic and local suppliers!! YEAH!!  Their drinks are very good and healthy tasting. LOL!  Taste wise it is okay...could be better.  Busy busy little place for sure!! Be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes for a table!! I gave this place 4 stars because of the awesome service!! But can't be giving it a 5 because the food was only okay to me for the prices they charge.Been there several times first for breakfast and then burgers.... Love everything about there... I have never tasted such a delicious Burger patty.... Little on the expensive end... but i always tell restaurant owners... charge me as much as you want, but you better back it up with Taste, Quality & Service.A couple years ago my friends and I came down to Calgary to see a musical. We stopped at the now closed Nectar for a late night dessert and started talking with our waiter. We asked him for a recommendation for a breakfast or brunch restaurant  and he said Dairy Lane Cafe was the best place to go to in Calgary. The next day we drove down for brunch, but the place was packed. We couldn't wait for the time they needed (we had to drive back to Edmonton by the early afternoon) so we went somewhere else. 

Flash forward to the present (well about a week ago). I'm in Calgary with another friend and for lunch I suggest trying Dairyland, because I've wanted to go for two years. It's about 2:30pm, but still in the mid-afternoon there's a 15 minute wait. I've come to learn that often if there's a wait for a restaurant it's because the food is really good, or service is really slow. Luckily for Dairy Lane it was because the food was really good. 

My friend and I sat outside. I ordered a lemonade and the veggie burger. I love how the cafe uses locally produced food, and they even list the farms and suppliers where they get their food from on the menu. The lemonade was very nice, not too tart and not too sweet. My veggie burger was delicious. It was served on a pumpernickel bun with feta, spinach and a sundried tomato jam. All the flavours complimented each other rather quite well. For my side I went for the French Fries and they were they only slightly disappointing thing I had. They were rather thin, which is fine, but were not crisp. My friend ordered yam fries with her burger. I stole a couple and the yam fries were delicious. I'd definitely order those the next time instead of the fries. 

Don't know when I'll be back in Calgary, but I'll definitely come back to the Dairy Lane cafe.Love their burger and fries! The burger is nicely charred and the fries are fantastic!!! Service is always so warm and friendly. Sadly, this place only seats 20 so it's very hard to get a table. Be prepared to wait outside.I just moved to Calgary and wanted to checkout a breakfast place. I went at 11 am on Sunday morning and had about a 45 minute wait. I was greeted by a friendly waitress who presented me with a great cup of coffee. This place is tiny! 8 tables. One thing I did notice was the extremely young crowd. I am in my mid 30s and was probably the oldest person there. The wait outside probably deters more mature patrons.

I ordered French toast with hash browns. It was delicious. When I got my final bill, I was surprised that that cup of coffee was $3...that's not much but I am cheap. All in all this should be a dining experience for those who are in Calgary.

That $3 coffee has still left a bitter taste in my mouth...should have used more sugar....The menu is fantastic and the ingredients are high-quality. Definitely one of the better breakfast menu's in town. However, I get so claustrophobic when I come here to eat and the quality of the coffee always give me caffeine anxiety or jitters.. so I have a hard time enjoying my meal with the lack of space.Best breakfast place I've been to in Calgary.

Creatively done, locally sourced, tasty and filling breakfast and lunch options.

Get here early to get a seat though! I've waited up to 45 minutes for this place (and YES it was worth it). Sometimes they offer free coffee to those who are waiting too.

Try... anything! I have been three times and haven't had a bad meal yet! Their strawberry lemonade sangria is particularly refreshing and well blended though.I love Dairy Lane! My to-go place for brunch.

There is no parking lot for the restaurant but lots of parking on the sides of the block and right in front of the restaurant. The place is pretty small, but there is a waiting area in the back if you don't want to stand outside. They also offer free coffee for people who are waiting, I guess to help cope with the wait time.

The eggs benedict here is one of the best I have ever had. The english buns are always toasted perfectly and the eggs are poached so well! Although, they never ask you if you want the egg soft, medium or hard - you can always request it though I would think.

I have tried many items on the menu including the cold cucumber soup, mandarin orange sesame salad, the burger (topped with everything - even an egg!), the breakfast poutine and french toast. Everything is always amazing, and I never have a single complaint about the food. The service is also really great, they are very attentive but never up in your face while you try to eat.

The pricing is fair, I think it is basically standard for most brunch places in Calgary with items ranging from $10~15. My bill for two usually ends up being around $30, including tip. I think it's extremely fair considering the fact that the food is mostly, if not all, local. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone!Wow! This is certainly a place worth the wait, a wonderful little restaurant with high quality food. I love that everything is local and the food is not only hearty but it makes you feel good! 100 mile diet anyone? If I could get into this place more often, I would love to make the 15 minute drive down to it.

That being said, it is such a small place. The wait is rarely short and I've come by a few times before finally waiting the 40 minutes to have a seat! Oh and the price is pretty steep but hey, it's local and tastes fantastic! If you have a little patience and really like your brunch food, drop by!Diary Lane is the perfect place for breakfast. Have never been disappointed in anything I've ordered here! Prepare for a long wait if your going on the weekends, this place is busy! When the food is this good though, it's so worth the wait.Our family has been coming here for the past three years now and the food is delicious!  It's a bit small and cozy inside, but this little Cafe has got a lot of heart and a lot of history(it's been open since 1950).  
     Because they don't take reservations, it gets pretty crowded(especially on Saturdays).  The customers don't mind waiting, though--the friendly and attentive servers quickly take your orders for coffee, tea or milkshakes while you wait.  
       They certainly live up to their motto, "Homegrown and Homemade".   My son's favorite strawberry milkshake comes in a huge stainless steel tumbler with a spoon to scoop it up.   My favorite is the Triple Double($15.75): three Sylvan Star eggs(I like mine over easy, and mine was done perfectly!), Broek pork sausage, Spolumbo's chicken sausage, local bacon, hash browns and rye toast.  My son always has the Sylvan Star grilled cheese: aged Cheddar with Spragg Farm's smoked ham on sourdough.    Hubby usually has the Eggs Benedict(2 poached eggs, smoked salmon, pickled asparagus and hash browns).    I have, on more than one occasion, cast sidelong glances at the stuffed French toast at a neighboring table, but I've never tried it yet...  I'm a bit of a carnivore at heart.  ;)
         We also have to come back for dinner sometime.I want to rate this a 1 or even a zero so that people reading this post won't go to Dairy Lane and cause it to be even more busy than it already is!  :)  The truth is, I can't rate it less than a 4 or 5 because it's a great place!  Admittedly I've only been in the morning for breakfast, but I definitely want to make it back for an evening!  The staff is very friendly, helpful, quick.  The food is great, and often they have local items.

It's a fantastic breakfast place.  So don't go. Please. LOLAmazing food, comfy  atmosphere, wait did I mention amazing food? I love this place so much, all the food tastes genuine and all the ingredients are fresh. It fill up quickly as there are 10 two seater tables so expect a wait. 100% would recommend!Dairy Lane is located in a cute Kensington area on a nice quiet street.  It was an enjoyable experience having breakfast solo but I truly enjoyed just reading my book.

As others state in their reviews, it's a rather small restaurant.  I visited on a weekday and scored a spot on the patio.  The weather was perfect to have breakfast with the sun shining.  Not too cool and not too warm. I love that they provide soft, fleecy blankets if you need to keep warm!  Nice touch!

The menu isn't large and I love that they use local products.  As much as I read about the stuffed french toast, I really wanted a savoury breakfast.  So I settled for the 2 eggs w/pork sausage meal.  

Everything was cooked to perfection and quite enjoyable.  The food didn't take long and service was quick and efficient.  The coffee tasted great and was constantly being refilled - always a plus for breakfast!  Another plus are hashbrowns - they were warm and crispy which are key in my books.

I will return to try the stuffed french toasted because it looked and sounded awesome!Oh man! 
After hearing so much about Dairy Lane's Burgers, my expectations were pretty high.
And I gotta say ... they lived up to the hype.

It is exactly what you want (or at least ... what I want!). Super fresh ingredients (mostly, if not all, local I might add) and perfectly seasoned, delicious meat.
Well worth the price you pay.

The decor is adorable. Such a cute little restaurant. VERY clean.
And the place is ALWAYS packed. For good reason.

The service is really good too. Friendly, well balanced. Classy.

I like Dairy Lane because you are getting really good quality food, very well prepared in a quaint, friendly environment. I will definitely be back.Dairy Lane makes amazing food that is not going to hurt your pocket book. Their vegetarian options are so good that even a meat-lover such as myself will go there for a nice and filling black bean burger (not sure if that is still on the menu though). Together with its sister diner at Blue Star, these are must go restaurants of Calgary. It is great for a gathering of friends, though may not be as nice for a date (Blue Star is a much better setting for that).Wasn't impressed with the stuffed French toast. The bread was dry (couldn't tell if it had even been dipped in egg), the promised bacon sure looked like ham (if it was back bacon, it should have been advertised as such) and the pile of potatoes was dry and lukewarm. Certainly not worth $12.75.Best chicken burgers here! Can be a little pricy but the food and service is always good.This place was a cute little cafe. They had a wait on Saturday morning when we went but it wasn't too long. The food was really good and portions are big also. I would definitely come backBest Vegan burger, love their yam and potato fries. The Black bean and corn chowder is yummy. Tofu scramble for breakie is nice. Only thing is if I go there often, it gets boring. Would be nice to see some new Vegan options or daily specials. Will keep coming back for the burgers. Love the support for organic and locally sourced products.This place rocks!!!
But please don't tell anyone, it's too busy already - lol
Seriously, in all four seasons, people line up for breakfast and lunch outside.
So much so that they have blankets and coffee urns and heaters.
It's just that good!!!

Local ingredients
Organic
Fresh
Flavourful
Quaint
Cozy
Fun
Lively
Topped with a serious helping of AWESOME staff

The tables turn over fairly quick so take a chance and wait - you will definitely be happy you did.

Nice small menu.
Daily specials
I think they even have gluten free pie every day now.

These guys just know what good food is all about.
Keep it simple and flavourful - HOMERUN!!!

Ok, remember, I said don't tell anyone else!! Got it!!The novices in north american cuisine we are tried for the first time the famous eggs benedict, and it was absolutely delicious! I prefered the ones with spinach and sautées mushrooms, I think that the smoked salmon hides the taste of the eggs and the hollandaise sauce. The hash browns were well cooked and soft inside, the grapefruit was tasty. The presentation was nice. On Saturday morning-lunch, it seems really busy (they put you on the list and you wait for 30-40 min) until 1 am.Nice. We stumbled across this place when our actual destination was blocked due to a festival one Sunday morning. I remembered hearing great things so we gave it a try.

Despite it being 9 or so on a Sunday morning there wasn't a wait. We were seated inside. We were impressed by how clean and well kept everything was. It was a bit noisy but we could still chat without too much trouble.

I had the back bacon and tomato eggs benny and the man had whatever the big breakfast is. Our food came fast and everything looked great. My date was missing a chicken sausage which they were quick to explain and promised it would be out shortly. It was! The food was tasty with decent portions. I like that they use local suppliers and have little cards on the table featuring info about some of them.

While it isn't the cheapest breakfast in town, I think the prices are fair as the food is done really well. Our server was easily confused which made things a bit awkward but she was polite and attentive.

This is a great little spot indeed!The service was great and the food is very good. Love the atmosphere and recommend going there. The only negative was there was too much vinegar on the eggs benedict.Stopped in here spur of the moment based on reviews. When I walked up i wasn't sure if it was open because it was so dark, but I could see someone through the window. Charming spot, only 10 small tables. The menu was small but varied. I was pleased to find a vegan option and there were several gluten free friendly items. Staff was friendly. The specials and feature menu had some really good look options.  And they even sell artisinal locally made jams. I had the vegan scramble and everything was flavoured and cooked well.I'm you're number one fan..... OK, maybe not the best Kathy Bates impression but I am certainly a fan of Dairy Lane Cafe!! It's a bit small so get there early for breakfast, early for lunch and early for dinner.  They use locally sourced, fresh ingredients and I like that.  My mom is in a wheelchair and they were very accommodating giving us ample room in their tiny dining area.

The staff are friendly and attentive; I never saw the bottom of my coffee mug.  I ordered a large bison chili.  It was a tad bit pricey ($13.50) but not outrageous.  The chili was great and was the perfect portion.  My mom wasn't as fortunate with their seasonal soup though.  I believe it was some sort of cream based potato soup.  Her soup lacked a little flavour.

All in all our experience was good and the food was a great value.  I'd definitely come back here again!This cafe is so cute and it has such a cozy feel to it! It is a small restaurant with seats for about 20 people so go early for brunch so that you don't have to wait too long. I waited about 20 min for 2 people but we got to order drinks while we waited and there is space to wait inside which was nice on a cold snowy day. 

The breakfast menu has lots of options including hashbrowns, omelettes, breakfast burritos, avocado toast and eggs benny of course. It was a hard choice between the avocado toast and the eggs benny for me but in the end I decided on the avocado toast with added beef brisket on top - so fancy haha ($20 with the added brisket)! 

The avocado toast also had kale, onions and zucchini on top along with two peached eggs and hollandaise sauce! It came with hashbrowns as well so it was a great meal! I loved the brisket - would definitely recommend adding that to your breakfast. The hashbrowns were a bit salty so I would ask for less salt next time. Overall, would recommend this cafe for sure =)Calgary has a great breakfast culture. Give us big eggs on our homemade toast, thick bacon with our fluffy pancakes and bottomless fresh coffee. Maybe it's the rancher in all of us that likes a good hearty breakfast on the weekend, maybe we just like good food, but whatever the case, Calgary likes its breakfast and it likes it good. 

This produces a city full of demanding breakfast patrons; and when seasoned breakfast eaters meet locally sourced ingredients, the result is Diary Lane.

Dairy Lane's fresh, local, ingredients, fast service, hard-not-to-guzzle juices, cream-cheese stuffed french toast and eggs benedict creates a city-meets-country farm-fresh breakfast joint that can keep even the most seasoned breakfast eater satisfied. 

Unfortunately, even though Diary Lane has the word 'diary' in the title, there are not many unique, diary-inspired menu items and because of it's popularity, Diary Lane often is very busy, so expect long waits on weekends.

But if you are willing to wait and don't care that there isn't a lot of cheese to choose from, a breakfast at Diary Lane can satisfy that farmer in all of us, adding another great breakfast option to Calgary.

T.Dairy Lane, I'm a fan of your sister restaurant, Blue Star, so I knew I was going to get something delicious here. After avoiding your curry Tofu scramble at B* and opting instead for the Vegan Burger, I finally decided to try it. I avoided it, because I'm often hesitant when restaurants try to jazz up bland ingredients with exotic spices that nothing else on their menu has. Think, veggie "oriental" spring rolls on a menu that has no other Asian "inspired" options. It makes me jump to two conclusions:

1) This is coming out of a giant freezer bag and is either being reheated in the microwave or tossed in to a deep fryer or both.

2) The chef has never made anything vegan before, and did what my Dad used to do when he was tearing his hair out trying to make ~*something*~ for his angsty vegan teenage daughter: Unloaded the entire contents of the spice cabinet on to an unsuspecting block of tofu, and mashed it GOOD AND DEAD.

Now, since I had enjoyed their black bean Vegan Burger on several occasions already at B*, I was hopeful that this would not be the case and went ahead and ordered the Curry Tofu scramble. It arrived in a reasonable amount of time and came with half an avocado, two grilled slices of beefsteak tomatoes, a dipping cup filled with blackberries and strawberries, and rye toast. 

The Tofu scramble wasn't what I'm typically used to when I make it at home; it was chopped rather than crumbled and was smothered in onions, sundried tomatoes and mushrooms. I won't knock off a star because of the sundried tomatoes, even though I loathe them unless they're blended (so I don't have to be subjected to their baked Trojan texture). This is entirely personal preference, and I was happy to push them off to one side of the plate. The Tofu scramble, as I suspected, though, was bland. All the flavor was on the outside, because it was chopped and didn't have a chance to cook long enough for the Tofu to absorb the spices, so every bite in to a piece was a dance of nothing, curry, nothing, curry. After salting down my plate and asking for hot sauce, though, the scramble was vastly improved. And, everything is better with avocados. It's like nature's bacon fat!

Coffee here is always good, orange juice was good, although - probably not the best idea combined with coffee and a slight hangover ;). Service was pleasant and quick, even though they were swamped with Saturday brunchers, and we only had to wait 20 minutes for a table. The café has a cozy feel to it, and I honestly really do appreciate that they even make the effort to have a Tofu scramble on their menu, AND a vegan burger (which is always predictably delicious). I also appreciate the fact that a majority of their sides are vegan as well. 

So, hi-five, Dairy Lane :). Thanks for having non-dairy things! xoxoThis is a nice spot to enjoy a patio breakfast. The food was decent. Ordered the salmon eggs Benedict. Eggs were farm fresh and nicely orange in colour. I would come here more for the patio experience on a nice morning.I'm a huge eggs benedict fan and had heard that Dairy Lane served the best.  The eggs benny was nothing special.  There was so little back bacon on it I could barley taste it and the Hollandaise sauce was just fine.    I rather disliked the decor, not my style.  The staff was friendly.  I may comeback at some point, but not for the eggs benny.Get here early. It packs out quickly on the weekends, with a long line of people happy to wait it out. Great quality, great price. And a place where we could easily stick to our low carb diet kick. Very friendly. Have become a devoted regular.I was looking for a new breakfast restaurant to go to and this popped up as one of the top spots in the area. I have to admit, I wasn't disappointed! This cute, little cafe is the perfect spot for your Morning breakfast with friends. So far I have only tried the Bene-which I modified to back bacon and avocado instead of tomato, which I would highly recommend. The service is quick and friendly, and the room, although smaller than your typical restaurant, fits the atmosphere of the place. The only small issue I have is with the line up which could have you waiting nearly half an hour to get a seat, depending on how many people you come with or the time of day, but it's well worth the wait! Will be going back here again in the future!Dairy Lane is great! Its very reminiscent of an ol timey diner but with a modern twist. the Pork Chorizo burger is my go to! Sometimes I like to go carb free and do the salad and sans burger bun! I used to be not a big salad eater but this place definitely made me a convert! Mandarin Sesame Salad C'mON!  

The place isn't very big but the staff are friendly and during the summer they open up the outdoor eating area and it opens up the place to alot more diners. The specials are often adventurous and Dairy lane tends to be a less busy alternative to its sister restaurant the Blue Star Diner in Bridgeland.Had the salmon avocado eggs Benedict. It was a large portion, too much really. Presentation was appealing. Well cooked and tasty. The golden brown home fries were nicely salted and just the right amount of crunchy. 

The Fratello coffee was a good diner coffee. 

It's a better than average breakfast.Wow what a fantastic little breakfast place in Kensington! After asking many Yelpers and co-workers for great breakfast spots this place came highly recommended to me so my expectations were high. We waited about 20 minutes for a table as this is a small venue but we were able to sit outside on the patio and soak up the sunshine! The breakfast we had (Eggs Benedict) was so tasty! The servers were really friendly and I loved that while you were waiting outside for a table they would come and serve you coffee while you wait! This place is perfection, I will be back!Excellent eggs and Benedict! The kitchen was happy to accommodate the alterations I made to my breakfast. The hash browns were good but a little too salty for my friends taste. There was a large drink selection and the menu was pretty extensive considering how small the diner is. Definitely not meant for a large group it was busy enough when we went in at 930 am on a Tuesday. Can't imagine the line is short on weekends.We went on a 10 km walk in and around the Kensington area. Found the greatest place for a brunch.
Cool, trendy, high quality food, happy fast service sum up the Dairy Lane Cafe. A little pricey, crowded and noisy but fun.  
We will be back.

BACK BACON & GRILLED TOMATO BENEDICT. $16.50
My wife loved this meal. Not too much sauce she commented.
 
I had the Smoked salmon, caper, cream cheese, fresh dill omelette. $17.50 plus 1 dollar for a gluten free toasted bun. Omelette was perfect. Light and tasty with adequate filling. The homemade jam was very bad. They could do much better. The bun was boring. I really enjoyed my omelette though. The potatoes were outstanding. Butter filled delights. The quality of the food was very evident and worth the price.

Cosy, fun and trendy; sit out on the deck for a better quiet atmosphere.This is a very hip cafe with an awesome crew and good ambiance. The food was reasonably priced and very delicious! I highly recommend the Eggs Benny.Meh this place was just OK. Not worth the wait considering going how many amazing breakfast places there are in the city. It's sister resto bluestar cafe is way better.What's not to love? A perfect balance between delicious local foods, genuine down to earth staff and a cute cozy place to sit down and relax. I love their omelettes, jams, coffee and lemonade. Super yum! Try it! I promise you will love it :)One of the best brunch locations I have tried in Calgary, an old and very well know small business which deserves all the good ratings they can get.
It's small, so there may be waits on the weekends, but at summer time they have a small patio as well which will not disappoint you!!I've been dying to try out this restaurant and there's always been a long line-up or it's raining cats and dogs.  This morning, we had the opportunity to finally eat at this restaurant.  The wait for our table was not very long, about 20 mins.  Free coffee was provided while we waited.

Soon, our table was available and service was quick.  We ordered:

- Eggs Benedict with Avocado and Roasted Peppers - eggs cooked to perfection - poached soft was the style we ordered and that's what we got!  Love it!!  Came with these wonderfully roasted potatoes - nicely seasoned and not oily at all!  

- All in omelette - I was told that it was fantastic and packed with lots of meat.

- 2 eggs plus side of avocado - cooked to specifications

- Coffee - good

When we left, there was a wait line of 10 people.  

Note of interest:  the cafe has been opened since 1950!!It's been a year and a half and after so many failed attempts to grab brunch here we finally decided on dinner after reading it had one of the top 10 burgers in town.  

Even at 7:55pm (last seating at 8pm) we got the last table in the place.  Whew.  

I got the regular burger with side salad and husband got the bison burger special with fries.  The meals were simple but really tasty.  You can tell at first bite they are using quality meat which makes such a difference.  

This was a tasty meal but the room is really small and you could hear everyone's conversation.  This bothers me less at breakfast/ brunch - not sure why...at dinner it is slightly annoying.  Patio for me next time where the light traffic and neighborhood noises will drown out the next table!Dairy Lane is probably one of my most favorite breakfast joints in Calgary! A friend of mine recommended Dairy Lane and I'm so glad he did. The food is super delicious and made from the finest local ingredients. They even have a list of all the local vendors they get their ingredients from, and the list is intensive! I had ordered the smoked salmon benedict with avocado and I was blown away with the quality of the dish let alone the presentation. One bite into my dish, and I've fallen in love! Definitely in my top 5 breakfast joints, I love it here and will be coming back very soon!!!A great local restaurant. Very good quality of food.Good food, efficient and friendly service, but the menu itself is pretty average.  There wasn't any special dishes that jumped out at me as a must try.  The smoked salmon benny I had was tasty but I wish a vegetable side was available as a substitute for the hash.

I may have to try their burger though!Homemade delicious, yummy local cafe!  A can't miss on any visit to Calgary. We loved it so much we ate there twice during our 1 week visit to Canada. We enjoyed both breakfast and lunch menu items. Even our picky 11 year old son was pleased with his hamburger and fries.Came here with my friend and her 2 yrs old, great food and wonderful service!! Not a very big place but very sweet and cozy. Definitely come back again!Dairy lane burger with yam fries - DELISH! A classic burger dinner you can truly enjoy. I usually get mine with sautéed mushroom added to it. I think it gives you that extra flavor that you'd fall in love with. 

Prices are little bit more on the pricey side so I would eat at this place, here and there - whenever I crave it. Decent services, their drinks are also amazing. Not too sure about coffee. I've come here about 10 times so far over the past year or two and they have yet to disappoint me!I rolled in here on a fresh sunday morning, a winter day where it gets pleasantly warmer after a long spell of sub zero days. I was a bit late for a *cough* but before I could send an apologetic text, she beats me to the punch with "I'll be 10 mins late...sorry", so I naturally played it off like I was there on time all along :P

Dairy Lane Cafe is one of those brunch joints you know you're going to have to wait and despite the recommendations I've received from people, they say the wait is always worth it. The waiting itself provided a great experience. You can stand around with a coffee cup in hand and a blanket (to maybe share with) in case its too cold.

The dining room is surprisingly small but all the more active and vibrant, encouraging conversation for people who harbour the "low Sunday energy vibe". Their staff was very friendly and offered not only great suggestions, but humour and conversation. We shared an elk burger w/ fries, and a pan scrambler with sausages. Everything was delicious but I wasn't as inspired by other brunch cafes. The prices were quite fair.

Oddly enough I heard from a friend that this place went wayyyy back to when it was really a diner dive joint and breakfast could be bought with the change in your pocket. Is this true?I am glad Kat and I got married in August. I could imagine bringing her here for breakfast on our anniversary, and standing for 45 minutes in a blinding blizzard - not my idea of a fun time. The Sunday we came down here was a typical busy period, with a half hour wait. We were offered refreshments while we waited in the cloudless sunshine, and we played Sudoku while our tummies grumbled back and forth in a noisy competition to determine who was the hungriest.

Finally, when we made it into the restaurant and ushered to our quaint little table, we were surprised at its size; tiny. Maybe 500 sq. foot tiny. And the turn-around at tables was impressively quick, a system honed through the generations. The decor was loads of fun, and a blackboard above the kitchen listed the local locations where their fresh ingredients come from.

Needless to say, you could tell the difference local makes. My Tex-Mex omelet was fluffy and succulent, and Kat's eggs benedict were perfectly done, runny as she likes them. It was a great breakfast, and I would definitely come back to try their other offerings. Perhaps take up Dan's recommendation of the burgers?

5/30First time but not the last time. Hard to get into but worth the wait. This tiny neighborhood cafe's menu and service puts larger establishments to shame. Try the soup and dessert daily specials, you won't be disappointed. Tonight's fresh roasted tomato soup was perfect as was the white bean hummus. The only criticism is the lack of enough pita to finish the hummus.I have been here 3 times in total and the last time I had checked out their newer location bc my 2 year old daughter was with me and she's a challenge to take out to eat. She almost toppled over the table in their older location so this time I opted for a bigger location. Anyways service is amazing, food is amazing. I love their salmon egg Benedict. Getting seating could notorious but what do you expect. I'd go their again.I would travel from Miami to Calgary again just to have breakfast here. The food was incredibly fresh and flavorful. Atmosphere was great and the staff was friendly. The restaurant contributes proceeds from meals on the menu to end hunger and provide meals to those in need  - if I could give this place more stars I would !I think I've finally figured out how to enjoy brunch. Over order. Simple but genius right? Well, it was a Sunday so being in Calgary, we obviously had to go for brunch. I still can't get over how much Calgarians adore brunch - it reminds me of Montreal so much. We decided to check out Dairy Lane Café, which apparently has been in the Hillhurst  area since 1950! Wow, 65 years and going strong. 

The place is tiny and packed. DLC is one of those places where you're right in the grill of your table neighbours but the chatter is loud enough that you can carry on a conversation without feeling like others are eavesdropping on you. People were constantly putting their names down on the wait list. Crappy weather meant the patio was closed and inside can fit about 20 people or so. 

Arriving around noon (way too late), we were told the wait would be about an hour. At least they give you coffee/tea on the house while you wait outside. Or more like death stare the people sitting by the window and will them to hurry up and finish their last piece of toast! 

- Stuffed French toast ($13.50) - two options to choose from (sweet vs. savoury) - we went with sweet. Cinnamon cream cheese and field berry compote on French bread with a side of local potato hash. We were both a little skeptical about cream cheese in French toast but the dish was well executed. Just enough that you could taste the cream cheese without it being overpowering. The French toast is huge with two slices topped on one another. The hash was good - nicely seasoned.
- Eggs benedict ($15.00) - three options to choose from (bacon/grilled tomato, smoked salmon/avocado or spinach/garlic mushrooms). We went with the smoked salmon! Two poached farm fresh eggs, english muffin, house hollandaise with a side of local potato hash. The eggs were perfectly poached. Smoked salmon and avocado is a great combo. Add that with the heavenly hollandaise sauce, you have a killer eggs benny.
- Marinated prawn tacos ($15.00) - this was on their featured menu. Three prawn tacos filled with roasted poblano pepper and avocado creama, cabbage, black bean pico di gallo, queso fresco and cilantro. It also is served with a side of BC kennebec potato fries. In hindsight, we should have asked to sub one of the sides for something less carb heavy (so many potatoes!) but all good, we know for next time. The tacos were excellent. The shrimp had a great flavour and the addition of beans gave the tacos additional heartiness. We had to fight over the third one, I won. 

Another good spot in town to grab brunch. Heck, they're even open for lunch and dinner. Get there early or else be prepared to wait. Tip - you can wait inside if you walk around the back near the washrooms. Hopefully, next time we'll be able to sit out on the patio.I heard that they had a great gluten free menu and I had to check them out. Dairy Lane did not disappoint! We sat on the patio and enjoyed the last few days of summer and the staff was accommodating, knowledgeable about what items were gluten free and very happy to suggest items. The burger I had was AMAZING as were the sides. You can tell the difference in quality between their food and regular restaurants and it makes me want to eat locally sourced more often. I'll be back again sometime soon.I've been hearing about Dairy Lane for a while now, and so when two friends came in from Saskatoon we couldn't pass up the opportunity for lunch. Let me say it was a wonderful experience! 

First off, the Dairy Lane logo is nice: clean, compact, and engaging. The menu is organized well, and the local supplier list at the bottom gave me a feeling of sustainability. Nice. Hip. Cool.

Emeka, Becky, Sam (the Greater), and I ordered the following: Two Dairy Lane Burgers ('meka and Becky), Spicy Chorizo Burger (Sam the Greater), Turkey Burger (me), and some Grizzly Paw sodas. The Turkey Burger and Dairy Lane burgers with yam fries were excellent! The only slight "blip" in our meal was that the Spicy Chorizo burger was not that spicy. Also, it didn't seem that there was any special dip for the yam fries...but I'm just being picky now. I need to be so picky with minuscule details because the meal was just THAT good!

So worth the wait to get in. Enjoy!!!Best vegetarian and gluten free burger ever. Hands down. And the fries? Ermagerd. They taste like fresh (not frozen!) Potatoes. 

I'm a Vancouver food snob and I have to say, nothing in my beloved Vancity has come close. Just freaking check it out.Full disclosure. I'm not a brunch person. I usually sleep in on weekends. And I don't like lines. Whew, now that I've gotten that off my back, let's get this review started.

I came here on a Saturday morning around 9:45AM aka prime time for brunch with two other friends. I was expecting the typical 30 min - 1 hour wait before getting seated, but lo and behold, we were seated within 20 minutes. Hmm not bad so far.

When we arrived, the waitress gave us a biggest smile ever and kindly asked if we wanted coffee while we wait for our table. Why yes, of course. Anything to make the time go by faster.

Soon enough, we were seated inside. First impression. Cozy. Comfy. But very homey. I'm starting to like this place so far.

Dining friend #1 ordered the Stuffed French Toast. The French toast comes in either a savoury version or a sweet version. She ordered the savoury version and it was absolutely divine. 

Dining friend #2 ordered the eggs benedict with smoked salmon and avocado and the eggs were poached perfectly. Another plus!

I broke out of the brunch norm and ordered the Dairy Lane burger after having read so many raving reviews about this burger. At first bite, I could also taste the smoky and delicious char on the outside of the burger. A sign of a great grilling temperature. Next, the bun. It was toasted just right. Simply delicious.

"More coffee?" 
"Of course!"

My coffee was continually topped up by our waitress and never went below the 50% mark. It was as if she received a notification on her phone every time my coffee was running low. Magical.

Oh and the service throughout the meal was spot on. What a win.

Dairy Lane. You get the coveted 5 stars.Homemade delicious, yummy local cafe!  A can't miss on any visit to Calgary. We loved it so much we ate there twice during our 1 week visit to Canada. We enjoyed both breakfast and lunch menu items. Even our picky 11 year old son was pleased with his hamburger and fries which is always a plus!We got lucky sitting down before it got crowded. Small place. Small kitchen. Not a place where you want to eat and go. More of a social type, take your time place. Get to know each other. Ok now for the food. I got the brisket egg Benedict, which was good. More of a traditional style Benedict. No special sauce that you can say wow to. Wife got the omelet and that was ok also. We were happy of the potatoes. The place is clean and preparation of the food is GREAT!A family favourite for breakfast. The food  and service has always been excellent. It's a cozy place, and you may have to wait for a table, but it's so worth it!

I categorized Dairy Lane as good for kids, but I wanted to add that we have only dined there in the morning with our toddler, and I'm not sure what the ambiance is like in the evenings. It may not be good for kids, since the tables are quite close together.Always great, love the burger and fries, and fresh orange juice, that's what I love here.Dairy Lane.  Kind of sounds like a business that delivers milk to your door, doesn't it?  Well, it's not.  It's actually one of the best little breakfast shops I've been to.

They have a HUGE breakfast menu, which is served all day long.  I just love all-day breakfast, it's my favourite.  And Dairy Lane certainly hits the top of the list for that one.  They've got all different sorts of dishes from healthy ones to super greasy ones.  You can get your basic fried eggs and ham, french toast, eggs Benny's, yogurt and granola, or even the classic breakfast sandwich.

Careful now, a lot of their food is a little messy, sloppy, or hard to eat, but well worth the mess.  One of my favourite things is that they actually advertise on the menu that you can substitute your usualy hashbrowns for half a grapefruit, fresh fruit bowl or fresh tomato.  I absolutely love that!

They also have a great lunch menu with a bunch of different burgers and sandwiches.  I've only ever tried the breakfast stuff (because I'm addicted to breakfast) but the burgers all look huge and quite appetizing.  I'll stick with my breakfast, thank you very much!

Seriously, Dairy Lane is one of the cutest places ever!  It can get a little crowded, though, since there's only seating for about 20, and usually a bit of a line.  It's well worth the wait to enjoy a meal at Dairy Lane, though.  Hello new favourite breakfast joint!Would meet my friends here pre & post-baby. Difficult to bring in a stroller on the patio due to space. Stroller parking could be accommodated, maybe staff could show you a spot off the patio that is not too far away. Food is good. Staff could be nicer - telling a new mom that the stroller can't go on the patio is unhelpful. Offering a solution of where the stroller may be parked is helpful (Note: I avoid peak days & times).Yep its tiny and yep its busy but it is so good!  If I want breakfast I make sure to be there 10 minutes before they open (and there will be a line up) so I get a table right away.   This is a well supported local business and lets face it Calgary is a big city.  You aren' t the only one who will have the great idea to go for dinner or breakfast at Dairy Lane and you may have to wait.  The food is fresh and tasty and perhaps a bit pricey but that could be because it is locally sourced and high quality.  This isn't a fast food burger so you will pay the appropriate prices.I stopped in this cute cafe for breakfast before leaving Calgary, and I'm really happy that I made it one of my stops while I was in town. It's a charming and intimate space with very friendly servers and a great menu. I honestly wanted everything on the menu but I settled for the Mexican omelette with chorizo. It was HUGE. I loved it, and sent some of it back to the kitchen because I could not eat it all. But the really wonderful and hospitable touch here was the complimentary coffee which was delicious. I was offered a coffee upon entering, and they generously kept providing me with coffee throughout my meal. Everyone was so nice, and they even gave me a coffee to go. 

Love it. Keep up the good work.Dairy Lane blows my breakfast loving mind every time!

I have a problem with Dairy Lane. WAIT, no,  that's not what I mean... I mean I have a Dairy Lane problem!  When I'm without their Back Bacon Grilled Tomato Eggs Benedict for too long, I'm pretty sure I start experiencing withdrawal symptoms.

Order anything form their menu you want. You won't be disappointed.

Personal stand-out items: The aforementioned Back Bacon Grilled Tomato Bennie. It's the perfectly classic concoction. The tomatoes add this wonderfully tangy juiciness to compliment and cut through every bite. I actually get emotional with the way the egg yolk spills over the back bacon and into the english muffin below.


Things to know: It's tiny. There WILL be a line. Try go at non-peak hours if you can, but there will still probably be a line. Luckily, they help soothe my eager anxiousness with a  coffee advance, and a waiting room (hallway) in the back. Personally, I prefer to check-in and then go for a stroll through the neighbourhood. Just maybe assure them that when you all of a sudden walk off with a coffee mug, that you are indeed coming back. On second thought, maybe just don't do that at all. I'm sorry for the surprise last time, Dairy Lane. You know I love you.Pretty good small place , hipsters rave about it . But it's just average . Only like 8 tables inside so always seems busy . Not much around this area so it gets a lot of business that way I think .Love this place!  So tiny and adorable, but I believe that it's long line ups are a good indication of how delicious it's  breakfast is. I will occasionally hop over to Dairy Lane with my Dad, or my coffee loving friend who adores that they actually serve decent coffee here. I find that if you come in groups of two, you get in faster than other larger groups, which is slightly unfortunate, but I'll live with it for delicious eats.
The wait generally doesn't last too long, and you're provided with coffee, and blankets if its particularily chilly I used to frequent for the vegan tofu scramble, but it would seem it's changed slightly and is now a little spicier than I can handle for breakfast. 
However, I now like to go around lunch for the delicious black bean soup, and the super hospitable server informed me the garlic toast was also safe for me to eat.
I love this little gem.Super cute little breakfast joint, grab a spot on the patio, wrap yourself in one of their blankets and enjoy some delicious coffee. This is the perfect way to start the morning. Inside is really tiny but since I ate on the patio it's not an issue. The menu has all the classic breakfast type fare and they use quality ingredients so everything is very flavourful. I really liked the hash browns and french toast, a carb heavy breakfast for sure but a good balance of sweet and savory.The breakfast fare is hearty and delicious, though not unique or stellar enough for five stars.  What is stellar is the house coffee.  A special Dairy Lane blend by Fratello, this is hands down the best medium/light roast coffee bean I have ever had.  I go out of my way to refill my supply be will be taking as much as customs will allow back with me to the States.  
If you like dark, rich (bitter) coffee, this may not be the blend for you, but pour through drip or French press on this bean is outstanding.  I can't believe they got the chocolate and hazelnut tones on this roast without adding flavors.decent breakfast. delicious coffee. good service. small cafeIt's a local gem. The food and service are both phenomenal. 
The place gets busy, this said whilst you are waiting they serve free coffee? 
Who else does that? 
This place rocks.This place is a cute little diner! I've been here quite a number of times for brunch and have quite enjoyed my experience. I try to come here during their non peak hours but it seems like they are always quite busy. So first tip is to be prepared you may have to wait. The ambience is clean and I'd describe as a modern diner/cafe... Seating is close to others. The servers I've had in my visits are always friendly and cheerful which is nice, because often times I'm dealing with stressed servers during brunch hour at other places. I always order the all in omelette which is delicious! They also serve up different jams for their toast every so often.. Which I quite enjoy. Overall it's a cozy brunch spot with good food and service. No complaints!We've been to dairy lane for brunch & lunch. We have had several different dishes and they've all been fresh & tasty! The staff is very friendly & attentive to you. Place is smaller but love the ambiance and worth the wait!Delicious! Today I had the pleasure of having the chicken club and it was on point. The pesto mayo, avocado, bacon and chicken made for a great combination. The sandwiches usually come alongside either fries, soup or salad. Naturally, I went with the yam fries. I was absolutely in love with the aioli that accompanied it. Best part about it, is that breakfast is served till 3pm (which is rare for diners) and they are opened straight through the day into the evening. The restaurant itself is quite small and I can only imagine how busy it gets on weekends. I love that its in quiet neighborhood and has that home-like feel. Hopefully they have a patio in the summertime, which I can already imagine myself sitting at on a beautiful day. Look forward to my return.I ate at Dairy Lane yesterday and the Yelp reviews were right. Everything about this place was excellent! I had the chicken club which comes with a load of fries and my friend had the veggie burger and salad which looked big enough to feed 3 people. There was also a cute cat that was hanging out on the patio and all the guests were fighting for her attention.When I was in High School, the Dairy Lane was a run down diner with the best milkshakes in Calgary (bar-none) and a five minute walk from the school. At any given point in the day it wasn't unusual to see sullen teenagers waiting in line for diner food and the always good milkshakes, and best of all, it was cheap!

Nearish to my last year, they closed down for renovations. It opened up again and it was beautiful on the inside (I didn't know it COULD be clean!!) but I can't forget what it used to be. How beautiful it used to be. I get seriously distracted by nostalgia everytime I go back. So I'm biased. I want to give it three stars. I want it to go BACK. 

That said, I like breakfast (+1/2 star) and I feel sustainability is the wa of the future (+1/2 star). It looks nice inside. The milkshakes are ok. I'm bitter, can't you tell?Let's talk about the big "V".

Dairy Lane; a darling little diner tucked into the upscale inner city neighbourhood of West Hillhurst, just north of trendy Kensington Rd.  The restaurant is small, cozy and tastefully decorated.  The staff are friendly, down to Earth and eager to please; like your best friend's new love interest looking to impress. the menu is not over-done.  Perfect choices for those who want a good hearty meal and for those who want something a little more special and creative.  Everything down to the lighting is just oozing with ambiance; surely you've found the perfect little spot to bring your next swipe right!  She will think you are so sophisticated yet so down to Earth!  All is well... until your eyes scroll slightly to the right on the menu and you see the prices... uh oh.. I hope she didn't see my eyes swell... don't want her to know I'm cheap until at least the 5th date!

Look, I have no quarrels paying $300 for a dinner that is more experience then meal.  I also look forward to my next trip to Opa or MacDonalds where I can pay $8 for a delicious meal with consistently good service.  It is all about VALUE. Dairy Lane has so much to offer just down the street. However, I'm sure I am not the first person to walk out of there thinking to themselves "This must be one of those neighbourhoods where people have more money than they know what to do with."  

Now it has to be said that the food is really good!  All around conscious efforts to source sustainable, great quality ingredients and plate with just enough flare to dazzle and impress but not make you feel like you should have worn a suit.  The burger; outstanding!  The eggs benny; spot on! Hey, I'm sure there is more then enough reasons why this place is packed every day.  Good for them. I have to imagine though that the prices are what they are simply because they can. The VALUE is not there. I'm sorry but $10 for bacon and eggs.. wait my mistake... it's $10 just for the eggs; it's an extra $5 for the bacon. My personal favourite was on the specials board.  Wednesday's are $20 for a burger and beer. Are there really people who consider this a great deal? In this town? For a great burger? Your choices are endless!  Kensington and 17th Ave are littered with great restaurants with the same weekday special for half of that cost.

At the end of the day Dairy Lane is a great restaurant and I'm sure they will continue to do well. Good on them for having a successful restaurant business in this economy because that is not easy.  However, there comes a point in your pricing where you are no longer good VALUE for what you are offering and I think they have crossed that line. Their weekday specials are more then what most good restaurants charge on Saturday night and, I'm sorry to say, the food just isn't 80% better for, on average, 80% more money.

Bacon and eggs with coffee for 2 people should not be a $40 meal. I simply cannot justify that. The VALUE isn't there.Dairy Lane is a tiny, fifty-year-old cafe and restaurant located just outside Kensington on cozy 19th Street NW.  We arrived at eleven thirty on a chilly October Sunday, to find ourselves facing a very reasonable ten-minute wait. As you wait you are welcome to sit down and chat over a coffee at one of their outdoor patio tables that are complete with snuggly blankets.

Upon being seated indoors (in a tiny room with seating for only twenty or so customers) we scoped out a menu of inspired breakfast and brunch fare, including a yummy-looking French toast dish and a vegan jerk tofu scramble.  I opted for a veggie omelette topped with their bruschetta mix and served with a side of hashbrowns, rye bread and locally-made jam.  In fact, the entire menu had a local focus, from the produce to the cheese to the sausages!  My omelette was great- it was big, stuffed full of veggies and the bruschetta mix on top was the perfect compliment.  My friend enjoyed her "All In" omelette as well.

Service was quick and friendly (and cute too!).  There is plentiful street parking for those arriving by car.  All in all, Dairy Lane is the type of restaurant I hate to review... because I wish I could keep it my little secret!Dairy Lane used to be one of my favourite breakfast places. It was the kind of place I would tell all my friends about and stand in the cold for. My last visit completely changed my mind. 

I got the same thing I always get, the stuffed french toast with a side of fruit. I ordered an extra piece of french toast to take home to my boyfriend without any sides. 

The corners and edges of my bread were incredibly stale and two of my blueberries were moldy. To add insult to injury, not only was there no discount or attempt to fix the moldy fruit problem, the server charged me the cost of a second entire meal just to get an extra piece of french toast!

All in all it was entirely expensive and disappointing. I can probably dumpster dive and find the same quality for free. 

It really is unfortunate, Dairy Lane used to beat every breakfast joint in Calgary hands down but after that miserable meal I don't think I'll even give it another shot.Eggs benny was ok but not the best I've ever had, as I was promised.  We waited for an hour to get in and then another hour for our food but everyone seemed happy once it came. This might be one of those places that was hyped so much that it ended up letting me down a bit.  I will go back and give it another try though if I'm in the neighborhood and the lineup doesn't look too longDairy Lane is cute, small, popular and always has consistently great food. Im always a fan of a store that uses local product. I just wish I lived closer by!If I was to start a restaurant, in my dreams it looks an awful lot like Dairy Lane. There's a lot to be said for an adorable little spot doing great locally sourced food in a small kitchen and a dining room that seats 20. The service was excellent and it was by far my favorite spot I visited in Calgary. 

I am typically able to make a choice on a menu quickly, but everything sounded so good it took me not one but two "I need an extra minute" stops from my waitress. I settled on the Dairy Lane Veggie Burger, and it was one of the best veggie burgers I've ever had. The multigrain bun was soft but not flimsy, keeping the contents in place to the last bite. The green chilies added a nice hint of spice, and the aged cheddar helped keep the delicious patty together while adding an unctuous cheese hit. Perfectly balanced and very delicious.

The burger was served alongside a healthy pile of perfectly fried and salted fries, and washing it all down with a crisp local blonde ale made for a lovely meal indeed. When I'm travelling I don't like to repeat stops, but I could eat here multiple meals a day and be perfectly happy. Good stuff.The restaurant is quite small but cozy!  Turns over quite quickly.  Full and had a 7-10 min wait as promised by server.  They offer all fresh grown food, they have menu items that if you order the particular item they contribute a meal to a local community.  

Great selection on the menu, the food has great presentation, servers were very attentive and knowledgeable.  

Cleanliness was great.

I tried the avocado toast, it came with diced potatoes, next time I would order extra crispy, but they were still very tasty!  The actual avocado toast came with fresh Kale and the egg was done perfectly.  The other item ordered was the pork burger which came with fries which also would recommend extra crispy next time, but this meal was also great and exactly as described!  We ordered a to-go meal also and it came out quite quickly.  Although the price was a bit more than what you would expect to pay, the quality of the local and fresh product is worth it!

I would definitely come back multiple times!Great place for Sunday brunch. 

Outdoor seating today was available in the beautiful summer weather. Indoors is noisy but still good.

I had the "All in" omelette - a little dry but good to have it made. Maybe I should have asked specifically to not have it cooked so thoroughly.

My friend had the French toast - blueberry sweet version (there's also a saltier/savoury version.

"Bottomless coffee" is offered for $3.50 which is interesting. I prefer green tea and it's great they had "mighty leaf" green tea.

For water, they have you drink out of those glass mason jars, which is different.

Lineup started happening at 10;30, place opens at 10, which is when we arrived. So if you want to grab a spot, it's good practice to be there earlier rather than later.

Overall, nice little place for a brunch.I love Dairy Lane.  The food is consistently great and the service is always good.  It is a wonderful local gem that serves organic and local food.  I am particularly fond of the breakfast tostada and burrito, but everything that I have had so far has been good.  It can be a bit crowded on weekends but it is definitely worth the wait.We went today for brunch and the wait was 45mins, but luckily the sun came out and we were seated outside within 25mins for the three of us. I ordered coffe and i was happy they had soy milk. I ordered the triple double breakfast. Solid meal, nothing too fancy. I enjoyed the dill on te hash browns but didnt like that they were deep fried. They gave 4 slices of sour dough bread, which is too much for my liking, but i guess if you liked the carbs then awesome. My friend ordered the chicken burger and that was delicious! Made euth griund chicken instead of chicken breast so more flavor was niceky infused, grewt toppings with it too. Solid yam fries, they had then topped with cinnamon which was a nice touch. Our coffees were comp, i guess because of the wait or perhaps they always do that. I wojld definitely go back to try othe items. I wiuld say this breakfast house is a touch on the expensive side. My plate of breakfast was 14 bucks.First impression is a small café place with nice decorations. The pictures on the wall makes this restaurant full of stories. I ordered omelet with caramelized onion, and bacon.  The brunch is good here. Fair price and excellent quality.Delicious!
I went here for a brunch date with my boyfriend, we definitely chose the right place to try!

What a cute little cafe. We went on a Sunday morning, and though seating inside had a 20 minute wait time, there was plenty of seating outside. Good thing it was a warm Chinook day. 

My boyfriend got the Triple Double and I got the Eggs Benedict with back bacon and grilled tomato. I'm a sucker for eggs benedict and Dairy Lane didn't disappoint! Portion sizes were great and the hash was so good. We were both really happy with our meals. 
We were so hungry and the food looked so good I totally forgot to take pictures! 

The cafe had a great atmosphere, service was great, and parking was easy to find.
Over all it was a great experience. I'll be coming back here for sure.I love this place for any meal of the day!
Breakfast is amazing! I am a big fan of the stuff French toast!
I am also a regular for Taco Tuesday and would have to say that every taco has been amazing to date!
I love the quaint and cozy atmosphere and the super friendly staffThis is my go too restaurant, small environment.. smiling faces.. the only reason im not there everyday is A) my they would have to drag me into the gym B) im a student atm so gotta be frugal with my moneyPretty good.  The wife's eggs Benedict was interesting but the sausage was a bit bland.  Overall okay, wishing there was a Waffle House here in Calgary.Food was good and fresh (I had a burger) but the entire experience seemed underwhelming and overrated .. maybe it was because I went for a late lunch but I don't think I would go back or recommend to a friend. Yes the food was good but I left thinking, "what's the big deal?"Dairy lane is a very cute diner, and is quite convenient and close to where I live. I live on the same street as the owners and they seem very kind. The milkshakes at dairy lane are amazing. I love the vanilla milkshakes. And all the food is amazing too I can't choose my favourite!A great place with excellent service and the food is top notch
The only draw back is the wait so go earlyThis place is tiny, a hole in the wall in a residential neighbourhood strip mall. The service was lovely - we even got a cup of hot coffee to enjoy while we waited outside on the patio. Good, wholesome food with a fresh-feeling menu and a decent selection of gluten-free and veggie options. I'd definitely go back.I have never had a bad meal here, and I've had almost everything on the menu!

Everything is fresh, and local which really makes a difference in taste. On the weekends it's a good idea to get there before you're hungry because you will most likely have to wait, but it's worth it.What a lovely cafe/diner!!! Service was spot on...not annoying nor were we ignored. We went on a Saturday evening and it was not too busy. Nice selection of food and bevies.

They even know what Vegan means! Wonderful not having to explain that Vegan is not Vegetarian nor is it Gluten free!! Thanks for your  knowledge.

We both ordered a different Vegan burger....with fries!!! 

The only comment I make is that the burger needs more juiciness with its fixings. Maybe pickles in the burger or more mayo...some zip....the patty was ok...held together nicely wasn't crumbly or dry...a very nice dark bun...and the fries were thin and tasty.

I am always looking for the perfect vegan Burger...this might be a 6/10. 

Add some mushrooms??? A vegan Cheese slice? Bread and butter pickles? more tomato? Something to juice it up.....

On the up side I am happy that it was Vegan and I did not have to alter the order and ask a million questions to determine if it was ok for us to eat!!!!

THANK YOU DAIRY LANE!!The service here is always good, right attitude, respectful and patient. Good food too#147

I was trying this out with much enthusiasm based on the reviews.

Twenty-five minute wait was muted by the delicious coffee.

Great service during the entire visit.

Gluten-free options for the gluten-sensitive!

I had the Seared Tuna tostadas which come with 3 of those and a huge portion of BC Kennebunk fries. Very very delicious.

So, by now, you are wondering why only three stars?

Automatic two (2) star reduction for low quality condiments (no exceptions).

The cost of the higher quality condiments even in Canada is negligible and yes I have checked on the retail side.

Condiments are the Gordon Food Service (GFS) brand which have High Fructose Corn Syrup (glucose-fructose in Canada). How do I know? A search on Google revealed zero (0) results saying otherwise. Nothing on the GFS website listed anything for ingredients or natural claims.

It is 2015 and with all the different brands of condiments such as Safeway, Annie's, and Heinz has a line of condiments without this garbage in it, there are zero (0) excuses for a place of this caliber to have such low quality condiments.

Don't agree, then gluten-free should not exist either. Take me out to breakfast, lunch, or dinner and let me have some of the low quality condiments and see how sick I get.Worst service I've received in months. Made the mistake of sitting down before the waitress cleaned the table. Waitress let us know she was vexed. We then waited 1.5 hrs for our order, watchig several patrons come and go. I called the waitress on this and was told our order had accidentally been forgotten and that this was a coincidence. After 2 hours,  they reduced our bill by 50% and removed drink costs, which is why I'm giving 3 stars instead of 1.The Bison Chili is DOPE! I loved it and you will too :) Someone in the kitchen knows what's up. Service was awesome too!Did you know you can be happily fed vegan at a "burger place" called Dairy Lane without even having to eat a veggie burger or boring salad?   It sounds counter intuitive but it's true and not only do they have delicious vegan options but I can take my meat loving friends and they are as equally satisfied.  

It's strange to describe -- it's trendy but traditional - eco-hippie-health conscious but in a neighborhood mom and pop  and still urban and almost a touch gourmet. 

I've taken probably 7 people here, none of them have heard of it, and all of them say it's a terrific find and would return on their own.  My only concern with spreading the word and writing a review is it's already hard to get into and it's quite small (which is my major issue here but worth it).  

I like to be ecological minded when it's easy enough to do so and DL buys from the best of local producers and organic when possible.  It's like they shop at a farmer's market every day. All their beer is small market micro brewed for example.  The price only reflects this a bit,  it's not cheap but won't break the bank either.

I've never actually done breakfast here ... usually lunch and a couple dinners.  It's "famous" for breakfast so maybe I should actually give it a go one day.    I'm glad they are now open for some nights for dinner but they close kind of early... it's strange to show up at 7:15 and be told the kitchen is closing soon so order right awayIncredibly great food. I love breakfast and this place does it well. All the ingredients are local and you can taste the difference. Only issue you need to know is the place is very small and widow will wait for a table.Had to stopped by here before going back home. The interior looked really nice as well as the outside. The employees here were helpful especially to new customer such as myself. The food served here were in good portions and tasted really delicious! Definitely worth its price. So glad that I decided to drop by here. Left the place full and satisfied.This is the kind of place I love to seek out when I'm in Vancouver. A small diner full of character! Their menu is great...I had the Carribean Pork burger and enjoyed every bite! What I also liked is that many (if not all, I'm not sure) of the ingredients on the menu items are from nearby farms and are organic! This is exactly the type of place to go when you want to show around an out-of-towner just how good it can get in this city!Small, quaint restaurant with not too long of a wait. Friendly staff! The food was alright, I guess. I ordered the stuffed French toast and unless you're obsessed with blueberries, then I would not recommend ordering this. It's a massive glob of blueberry compote. Also, the potatoes were under seasoned. The freshly squeezed orange juice was delicious tho!!Really tasty, well-prepared and nutritious breakfasts are worth the drive from time to time. 
Ambiance is really great with the option to eat outside when the weather is sunny. The staff are friendly and very competent. As well, one can feel an easy comfortable feeling that of course is like good family.
The place could be larger and therefore seat more people, as waiting in a line-up on a cool breezy day isn't all that good. With some of the others in town, Dairy Lane is well worth a visit. A weekday breakfast or lunch likely better as the line-ups not as long.This is probably closer to a 3.5 but there was some good and some bad. I was meeting the lovely Stephanie S. here for breaky. I got there first and went in, as I didn't think it would be that busy on a Thursday morning...well when there is only 6 tables in a place, it's always busy. I have more seating at my house. 

Was told the wait was 25 minutes and figured, screw it were already here lets wait. They herd you like cattle into this awkward back part, the layout of this place is completely dumb. Waited in a hallway until we could sit. 

Menu was quite different from Blue Star, where I love going for breaky. I decided on the granola and yogurt and fruit thing. 

The food took forever to come, and mine was actually last. How does it take 20 minutes to throw fruit, yogurt and granola into a bowl? It was ok. I personally hate plain yogurt, I don't see the point, they give you maple syrup, but that's also something I don't eat. Huge portion though. 

None the less, I prefer Blue Star way more, and would rather go there.The service is awful.  I ended up leaving after 90 minutes having never received my order. Everyone around me had there food. Last I was there, the screeching kid made my ears hurt we were sitting so close together. Never again.  the food is good the rest needs a lot of work.This was my second stop at this busy little cafe.

My friend and I enjoyed the daily omlette special and the breakfast burrito.  

Our food arrived hot, fast and delicious.

The menu could use more gluten free options.

Service was great right up to the moment we ordered, it's easy to forgive not seeing our waitress again, when I reflect on how busy this little cafe was, and how tasty outed food was.

We arrived at 10 am on a Monday, and did not have to wait  for a table.This tasted absolutely amazing. I flew in from Texas Thursday night and this has by far been the most lovely heart felt food I've tasted here. I am so happy I came.This cafe is amazing! The service is friendly and efficient. It's very popular so you'll either have to wait or call ahead before you go. I had the chicken club and it was delicious; I loved the baguette it came on because it soft and fresh. The avocado also made the sandwhich. I'd highly recommend this cafe!I was visiting for a week and just wanted to grab breakfast quickly and go. I walked in thinking it was going to be mediocre and was just aching for food. I had ordered the stuffed French toast and man, was I taken back. I was afraid the berry compote and the cream cheese were going to be sugar loaded, but it was just right. It also came with a side of potatoes. The service was spot on and very friendly.We've been going here for 15 years and it never disappoints.  Breakfast Sammy and Eggs Benedict are our staples.   Go on a Saturday so you can browse for clothes at Tapestry while you wait for a table.If the Community Manager recommends this, that's golden ;)

So what better way to start the morning than with their signature back bacon tomato eggs benedict, and this was worth the price of admission, a pricey one too so this isn't for the folks who are used to eating at Knight & Day or Denny's lol.  The hollidaise sauce also just right, not too heavy and rich, in fact, would even say it was a bit on the lighter side, so bonus on saving those calories.

Eggs as fluffy as can be, chose medium.

Hashbrowns--indifferent to me, in fact, way too much, almost like American-size portions.

Easy repeat.

Thanks Dale for reminding me to write their 100th review ;)Wonderful food and great atmosphere. Ate out on the patio and it was lovely. We ordered the tostadas and eggs benny. Both were amazing. Will be going back.First time dining at Dairy Lane Cafe. I got the French toast while my partner had egg benny. I would definitely choose the egg benny next time as it was delicious with the salmon and avocado. The French toast - felt as if it was too much carbohydrates and sweets for a breakfast meal, would have liked more fresh fruits with that plate. Overall it was delicious! :) Had to wait around 20 minutes in the morning, you can enjoy coffee while you wait.Wow, I just had an awesome breakfast here and wish I hadn't waited so long for my first visit.  The weather was amazing and I was lucky to be able to sit on the sidewalk patio.  I must say, the traffic is low enough that I was able to enjoy my visit and meal without distractions from vehicle noise and exhaust fumes.  I also liked that they provide blankets to sit on if you find the metal chairs too uncomfortable or cold.  I'm glad I wasn't sitting inside because it was very busy and noisy.

I had the Mexicali Omelet with multi-grain toast, which also came with hash browns.  Everything was very flavorful, so I took my time eating it so I could actually finish it all.  I didn't want to leave anything behind!  I thought it was reasonably priced for the quantity and quality of food.Unfortunately I only got to take part in YYC Burger week for one meal this year, fortunately it was at Dairy Lane!

We met up with our burger loving friends for dinner, they didn't book reservations which made me go into a slight panic as I've heard that it gets busy here. I think we timed it perfectly because a table cleared out just as we arrived. Food whizzed past us as we glanced over the menu - the YYC burger they had (2 angus and brisket patties, cheddar, cured bacon, tomato marmalade, roasted garlic and shallot mustard, butterleaf lettuce, DL mayo and pickled onions) was definitely a big seller because everyone seemed to be ordering it and it was HUGE!

The staff was great - super friendly and made the effort to chat with us even though it was busy. I guess since it's a smaller venue, it allows for them to get to know their customers better.

The guys both got the YYC burger, I settled with the Dairy Lane burger and my girlfriend ordered the pork tacos. The food came out relatively quickly and it all looked really good.

My burger was really juicy and flavorful, and I had a few bites of the YYC burger - it was pretty amazing! I didn't get to try the pork tacos, but I was told they were tasty.

Dairy Lane uses food from local farmers and suppliers which is a plus, and I really liked my experience here so I will definitely be back :)I hate waiting for food, and most of the time I opt to find somewhere else to eat when I've been told there is a wait. However, my sister and I were enjoying a leisurely Sunday and I'd been eager to try Dairy Lane, so we waited. In the cramped, awkward back hallway with 2 chairs. It was nice that they offered us tea and coffee while we waited, but the hostess was abrupt and again, it was awkward...no where to sit or set our drinks down, and we waited nearly an hour. After finally being seated we ordered mimosas and eggs benny. We were actually getting pressed for time, as we had another appointment to make, and I was really impressed with how quickly our food came out. I was surprised to find that Dairy Lane is a sister company with Blue Star, which I love, and the food did not disappoint. Everything was good but it was a touch expensive, clocking in at $65 for the two of us with tax + tip. Not sure if I will be back - again, I'm not really into waiting almost an hour for overpriced breakfast food I could make at home. The place is cute though.The pork burger was only second to the atmosphere and service.  I simply love this place...so much so I would fly back from San Francisco just to eat here.Delicious stuffed French toast! Cute diner. Small and cozy. Friendly staff. Tried a bite of my friend's grilled cheese. It was equally delicious!Great breakfast spot! Appetizing food in a cozy cafe with a super friendly waitstaff. Our server was so nice that she even went out of the way to take a picture of my friend and I to help us remember this great experience during our trip! I will definitely stop by again on my next visit to Calgary!Great service and tasty food!  What a gem you would drive by if you didn't look closely for it..The tofu scramble was very tasty. A fairly small portion though (a larger option would be nice). Coffee was good. The wait was quite long.My husband and I decided to try this place for brunch based on the reviews. It is a small and friendly place. There is a 15-20 min wait usually but I would say it is worth it. Our food was really exciting and we would definitely go back again.My wife and I are here three or four times a month at least because DL is our favorite breakfast place in Calgary.  We've tried everything on the menu, but the Hillhurst Sammy and the stuffed french toast are our favorites.  For lunch/dinner, I like the pork burger with the sesame mandarin salad as a side.

All of the food is excellent, just beware that this is a popular place so there is often a line-up to get in on weekends (there are only ten two-seater-tables in the restaurant, about four two seater tables outside - weather permitting).

Dairy Lane is now open evenings seven days a week so evenings might be easier to get in.  The burgers are always excellent and there are daily specials which are also delicious.

If you are near Bridgeland, you can try the sister restaurant "Blue Star Diner".Had the chorizo stuffed French toast and it was to die for.  My sister had the eggs benny and they were great too.  Home fries probably the tastiest I've had.  Adorable little place.Fresh, delicious food made with locally sourced ingredients. What's not to like? It's a great, laid-back vibe that fits the restaurant so well. I just wish it was bigger, the lines can get long.Decent food but expect service without a smile or even a zephyr of amiability. The waitresses could lot seem to pull efficiency and and friendliness.

I won't be going backI have been going here for about 8 years. Friendly staff, and amazing eggs benny! There aren't many tables so either go during a slow part of the day, or be prepared to wait.... It's so worth it.You'd have to be insane not to dig on the tasty food being dished up at the Dairy Lane. 
This little upscale diner in West Hillhurst may be limited in size (in real estate parlance, I believe it would be identified as "charming" or "cozy"), but what the place lacks in size it makes up for by delivering big portions and even bigger flavour.  
That equation also brings big crowds, to be prepared to wait for a table.  Normally waiting is a drag, but it's actually kind of enjoyable at the Dairy Lane.  They have a small patio with seating and drink service available for the hungry masses anxiously awaiting their tables.  Your patience is sure to be rewarded when you get your grub. 
 I got a cheeseburger, fries, and a chocolate shake.  The  1/2 lb burger is thick and juicy, and the toppings were nice and fresh.  A damned good burger, although I didn't really notice any cheese on it.  You'd figure eating a cheeseburger at an establishment that highlights dairy products in their name would result in a thicker slab of cheese.  However, the big chocolate shake was a real stand-out - thick and velvety, and the best shake I've had in Calgary bar none.  The home cut fries were a little on the cool side, but I'm sure they'd be great fresh.  They looked good, but didn't deliver.The Bottom Line: This small breakfast nook punches waaay above its weight in both food and service.

Try:
Eggs Benedict w/ brisket & caramelized onion
Eggs Benedict w/ avocado & grilled tomato

Pro:
The service is a step beyond what anyone could reasonably expect. One of us had to take a call before the eggs benedict were served, and they (without request!) remade the eggs after the person came back so they'd be fresh.

The eggs benedict themselves were excellent, and on par (!) with the Primrose at the Rimrock in Banff. The brisket was tender and juicy, and grilled tomatoes were done just right.

Con:
None! The prices are justified by the quantity and quality of the food.Visited Calgary for a couple days, heard a recommendation about this place on the Minimalist podcast and I'm so glad my family and I stopped in! Wednesday afternoon, short 15-20 min wait. Incredibly friendly staff, we loved the girl with the pineapple tattoo!  Menu is vegetarian friendly, they source their ingredients locally/organic whenever possible. Great portions, value, and overall experience!Homemade and handmade, I think that's what they say. And it's true. On a cool afternoon, I was looking for something warm. Their "Soup of the Moment" was coconut, chicken, curry, and cilantro.....perfect combination, hot and lightly spiced; so good. You find a good place and you want to come back....and I did, for dinner. I order a hot vanilla bean tea and asked the waitress if she could add some spiced rum; not a problem. I had one of each of their tacos (taco Tuesday) and each was nearly perfect in size, flavor, and texture. Overall, a great place with good ambiance and excellent ingredients. Friendly and helpful staff, too. Highly recommended.would recommend this be your first option for breakfast in Calgary.

flew up to calgary on business. was in need of clean, filling, hearty breakfast food. i'm a snob. i like things to look, feel and actually present to the table in a clean, stimulating, unique appeal.

dairy lane cafe met all requirements.

i had stuffed french toast and added one scrambled egg with avocado. had a glass of oj and water with the meal and took a brewed organic coffee with soy to go. 

most restaurants' orders of french toast will produce 6 or 8 half-slices of toast and tons of butter and syrup to mask for bland taste. 

dairy lane's french toast was simple. two pieces of thick crusted bread, battered and grilled perfectly. the filling was tart and tasted like real berries, not like a prepacked sugar serum.One of my favourite restos in Calgary. The staff is so friendly and they are very diligent and accommodating with allergies - I'm celiac, and I feel safe eating here because they have such great health and safety practices. 

Of course the food is absolutely amazing too. I love the burgers and bowls! & they make a lovely lemonade too :) !Probably the best breakfast I've ever had in my lifetime of breakfasting. The waitresses were friendly, food was fresh and delicious, and the portions were great. I got the avocado toast and the flavors were unbelievable. They give you coffee while you wait! My only suggestion is maybe a couple benches to sit on outside while you wait.Meh.
I feel this place is overrated.
Now I love a local little shop making quality food from quality, locally sourced ingredients, but I was disappointed in my burger at Dairy Lane.
Mostly because it was forgettable. 
Admittedly it's been a little while since I ate here, and my memory isn't what it used to be, but I can seriously not remember anything other than disappointment.
The milkshake was great tho!This place is my favourite spot for brunch in Calgary,  with the only negative being that there is always /at least/ a 15 minute lineup. The food and service are both awesome- I have never had a bad dish there. %100 recommended.All good things come to those that must wait. And the 40 plus minute wait for our table was worth it. We enjoyed steaming cups of coffee while visiting until a table was ready for our group. Once at the table a few more cups of coffee were enjoyed.

I ordered the stuffed french toast that was filled with gooey Gruyere and salty back bacon. Delish!

The atmosphere was intimate and home-y wih fresh flowers on each table. The black and white photographs on the wall added a hint of urban nostagia. The servers were friendly, polite and efficient.

I enjoyed my brunch here and the only negative I can think of is that I lived down the street for many years and didn't experience this earlier.My friend and I have been regulars here for many years and have always enjoyed the food and friendly service. Tonight, however, a mix up in entering our order caused it to get lost. After a very long wait, a staff member came over to our table and explained the unfortunate mishap. Our order was served to our satisfaction soon after.

I just wanted to point out that the staff was very professional in handling the matter. We've always thought of it as a classy place but tonight they knocked it out of the park! They showed that they truly care about their customers and for this we will keep coming back!

Thanks, DL!was pleasantly surprised by the many vegetarian options available at dairy lane!  i ended up getting the carribbean jerk vegan scramble and it was incredible.  the restaurant is tiny, so it fills up fast & you might end up waiting for a table, but the food is worth it!  service was friendly and the coffee is quite nice.If you have not eaten here yet, you are missing out!  I would have to say that this is my favourite breakfast place in Calgary right now - and I am a breakfast LOVER!

I can't comment on too many dishes as I usually always get the same meal here - the eggs benedict.  I know that's bad and I need to venture out a little more, but the eggs bennie is SO good, it's the only thing I usually want (and they have 3 types)!  I have also enjoyed the triple breakfast when I am super hungry, as it is very filling.  

Even though the prices are a little higher than some other breakfast places, I don't mind this because they get their produce/meat/cheese locally.  Always feels good to support local businesses and farmers.  Plus, the customer service is phenomenal every time!  You may have to wait a little longer to get seated, but they are always very helpful and you can sip on tea/coffee while you wait.  I cannot say enough about the great service I have received here every visit!

During my last visit on Tuesday, I found out they are offering gluten free bread now which makes me very happy.  A step in the right direction for those of us out there with dietary restrictions.  

So I say, go there for the eggs bennie... or you know, another meal... as soon as you can! ;)Coffee was excellent.  The food was great although mine came out a little cold.  It was super cute and very small.  We didn't have to wait but that was definitely perfect timing and a lot of luck.  By the time we left, there was a 45 minute wait.The plates here are worth every penny - very reasonably priced and very filling. If you have an appetite for excellent breakfast or brunch, you've found possibly the best place in Calgary. Come 10 minutes early though because the tables here go fast!Very good breakfast food when we stopped by on Labour Day. It was very busy though, with our wait for a table being 30 minutes, and later they were telling people an hour wait. The food was excellent though.Eggs Benedict w/ smoked salmon and pickled asparagusI needed people from San Francisco to tell me about this gem of a place!The burgers are the bomb!Sit on the patio and soak up some sun!Come early.no reservations.Open for supper Sat & SunTry the milkshakes. Sooo good!Good veggie optionsGreat, hearty, home cooked meals!Awesome atmosphere and great food! Get there early though. Wait is long.Be prepared to wait.Busy in the cafe? Just wait for a table in the waiting room. You can even have a cup of coffee while you wait!Get here early...but there is a wee waiting area in the back and you can still get coffeeIf you are at Dairy Lane on a chilly day and want to sit outside, they have blankets for their patrons!!Great, homey place for brunch and burgers!I heart the Breakfast BurritoSuch a yummy mandarin saladEggs Benedict- ask for less salt on hash browns, or no salt at all. 
For the toast, ask for it toasted golden brown. Overall, really enjoyableYay. DairylaneFratello coffee ftw!Say yes to the milkshakes!! They're delicious & you get a lot!  ;)The iced tea is so refreshing and the salmon benny was delicious.As we were waiting in the back hall and enjoying the delicious Fratello coffee, a delivery of eggs & milk & whatever else arrived from Gordon Good Service. GFS is pretty much the standard for food supply to restaurants, and to me represents big-agri, which I'm definitely not for. It's nice that Dairy Lane sources locally for coffee & some meats, but don't think that they do it for everything.Tostadas and nutella French toast! Yum!Delicious food, the best breakfast in Kensington.Cozy little cafe with great breakfast optionsEggs Benedict with avocado and roasted red pepper -yum yumDelicious breakfast here, had the eggs beni and pancakes.Saw the great reviews on here & wanted to try it. It's living up to the hype; yummy Chorizo, Zucchini & Tomato soup with a Grilled Mushroom/Gruyere Grilled Cheese sandwich on Rye. Yummy!
Nice decor, attentive staff, and located in the cozy outskirts of the Kensington area.Love the Eggs Benny.Gluten free breakfast tostada, yum!It's a nice setting and the food is good, but not amazing, and a bit priceyEver in Calgary, have to look this up. Pretty disappointing. I met a girlfriend here at 11:45 hoping to grab an early lunch. By 12:25 our orders - a salad and the fish, both off the specials menu - still hadn't arrived. No server came back to refill our waters, either. Ultimately, after 45 minutes of waiting, we suspected our orders had been missed. She finally came back and explained that the kitchen was backed up with two large groups and that's why we were still waiting. Since we had meetings at 1pm to get to, we asked to have the lunches wrapped up. Cue the broken debit machine - another 10 minute wait to be able to pay for a lunch. I'm finally having my salad, which is good, but I feel like we really earned it. I doubt that we will go back.The staff were extremely friendly the moment I stepped inside and the decor was beautiful. However, the food was on the pricier side. The total for just myself was over $55 after tips, though it was pretty worthwhile. My drink (air bud) was probably overpriced at $13, and my pork belly was $32. I sat by the kitchen area and watched the chefs prepare my meal and I was in awe. They were precise about every detail. The flavours on the pork belly were to die for and the drink was pretty good too, but not $13 good (of course the waitress recommended the most expensive drink). After my meal and drink, the waitress came with a dessert plate and said it was a gift from the chef and it was delicious. I probably won't return anytime soon because of the price, but it was a great experience.Blown away !!! All around amazing from the decor, to the service ... to the last bite.  We decided to try the 7-course meal (which I found to be reasonably priced) and pairing.  Loved the break away from the conventional 7+ that seems to be the trend lately.  The pairing of sodas, cocktails, beer and some fabulous new wine favourites was intriguing and fun!  Best in Calgary!  Kudos to Chef Kaechele and his team!$25 3 course lunch plus a pop. I had the tomato pancetta soup, fish of the day which was crusted with quinoa and a salmon croquettes and a brownie. Plus a lavender lemonade pop. Everything was fantastic and large portions. Would go back for sure as everything on the menu looked awesome!Dinner for four on a Saturday night. We got the 5 course chef's plate with wine pairings. Truly great locally inspired and sophisticated plates. The wine/cocktail pairings were truly delicious. The service by Brennan the wine director was equally entertaining and educational. Highly recommend.Service and food is superb.  We got their tasting menu which changes daily.  The bartender also makes a nice custom cocktail.  Very reasonably priced for the quality, will definitely visit again.Everything about this restaurant if incredible. I would suggest anyone coming to Calgary or living here and somehow not had the chance to try this restaurant to treat yourself and make a reservation.

First off the atmosphere when you walk in is fantastic. It is masculine, clean, sexy and comfortable all at the same time. The staff are welcoming knowledgeable and excited to showcase the talents of their kitchen. 

I have enjoyed many things on the menu and would recommend absolutely everything however if you really want the best of the best go for the improv menu. It allows the ultimate creative energy and showcases the wonderful skill set of everyone involved in the kitchen right down to exceptional presentation.

I don't drink but the beverage menus accompanying the food were also fantastic and I am sure there would be the perfect choice for you to complete your meal from them. 

Make sure to book ahead - enjoy!Hit on all cylinders.  One of the best dining experiences of my life.  Our waitress couldn't have been nicer.  We all tried something different and everything was wonderfulWe went to Workshop for the first time before a performance at Theater Grand and were very impressed.  The service was over the top good.  Our waiter wanted to ensure I had the right wine for my meal and insisted that I choose from 3 samples.  Then when we were getting ready to leave to get to the theater he was adamant that he put our leftovers away for us in the refrigerator for us to pick up after the performance.  He was all in.  The food was excellent, the wines by the glass were diverse and very good.  Highly recommend.Went to the Workshop with a group of 10 last night and I have to say this place was amazing. One of the 10 was celiac and I am a vegetarian and it was no issue what so ever. I had the bread and two of the side dishes and was beyond completely full. The "side" gnocchi was indeed a dish in it self and believe me it was too die for. The Brussel sprouts were amazing too. Most of the crowd had the $50 3 course tasting and all seemed very pleased. Was it cheap no.... But I had two drinks (one was a gin drink with homemade soda -delish- and my three item and total including tip was about $60 which I felt was definitely worth it for what you got. Our waiter was amazing, seriously top notch. Fun, friendly, sincere and accommodating. I am not from Calgary and was just here for the night with work but for sure the next time I'm in town I'll go back. Definitely try this place out.Fantastic experience!  Great food, great atmosphere and fantastic service!  We took our 4 kids and ordered 3 sharing plates with appies (Cauliflower is amazing!) and sides (Brussel sprouts outstanding!). Wine was also great. Our waiter (Brendan) was so accommodating and thoughtful (special fun drinks for the kids and picked the wine based on our likes). Great way to do dinner and show (The Grand is a great theatre to watch live theatre). We would go back in a heartbeat (and will!).Have been here a few times with friends. Have always been super impressed. Menu has been different both times that we have been here and we always want to try everything. Make sure to book a reservation as the place is quite small. I loved the open kitchen and ability to watch the whole process.Well we went based on the reviews. We had the 3 course just to see how much we get for what we were paying for. We can always come back if it panned out. We eat out a lot just to try different dishes so our taste buds are not limited so my opinion is based on taste quality and price. I don't remember the exact name of the dished we tried but here goes. 
The first thing we tasted was shrimp served in a spoon with garnish that was pretty good. The second dish we had was pork cheeks and that was tasty. The main course was a sirloin dish on vegetables. that was a let down hoping it was going to be as good as the first 2. The vegetables were ok , the meat was chewy on a couple of bites and portion was a teaser size. I've had a lot better cut and larger portions for less money. I know the price of beef has gone up but for 2 servings of sirloin at about 4 oz. each is ridiculous. This reminded me of the Cheetos commercial.
 The desert was a cake with chocolate mouse was ok. Nothing to write home about. I tried the Potato Gnocchi with the pickled turnip. I tasted the pickled turnip more than anything else. I tried the potato with just the sauce and I found it bland and salty. 
The add on wine with the meal was way over priced for what you get. For $25.00 for 6 - 7 oz. of wine ???  We should of asked what we get for $25.00 ,I guess
The service was excellent. The décor was interesting and very clean. The steel chairs was very uncomfortable. My butt was sore and my leg went to sleep before we finished dinner. You would think that if a place was to trying to impress customers they would try and make them more comfortable at least. There was only one other restaurant that we've come across with this issue.
For the 2 of us it cost $150.00 plus tip for this and I say go somewhere else and get a better deal and just as good if not better. Their concept of offering different courses is interesting and good for some people but after this , I would prefer to chose off the menu somewhere else.
Their dollar rating is under rated according to what you get, it's more like a $$$ to a $$$$ rather than a $$.
Cost does not bother me ,but over paying for quality and taste and quantity does.My BF and I had a wonderful meal here as part of the March 2017 #BigTasteYYC.
When I called earlier in the day, the hostess managed to squeeze us in even though the reservations were full up for the night.  And I am so glad she did.

We enjoyed an excellent bottle of Reisling from a winery we had actually visited in Germany--Basserman-Jordan.  What a delight to find it on the menu! Service was friendly and attentive but not overbearing. The meal was excellent--we tried both of the options offered in each course. The beef carpaccio starter was a fabulous combination of textures and flavors.  The fish in the second course was delicate and gorgeously presented. Beside it, we tried the ribeye and oh my was it yummy and a perfect medium rare. Desserts were also delightful. 

Truly a marvelous experience, the evening ended with our server giving us a card signed by all the staff wishing my boyfriend well in his new office here in Calgary.  So thoughtful and a really personal touch to finish off the night.

I cannot wait to go back!Wow!  What amazing flavors and informed server (Jennifer)!  We U.S. foodies shared the Salt Island mussels.  They were huge and we couldn't resist trying coconut curry mussels...yum!  He had the very rare, tender lamb wrapped in pancetta and I had the beef tartar.  Both had extra-ordinary flavors and textures.  

Numerous craft beers and ciders ( one with a zesty ginger aroma and taste) in addition to wine and cocktails

Sure wish we had this restaurant in St Louis.Superb food, Great environment and fun staff.  The food quality here is impressive and the dishes are original.  It has a laid back vibe that's cool without being pretentious. The staff is knowledgeable and relatable.  I came here twice In a week and I was so happy.Don't go here.... without a reservation that is. The food is amazing and the servers are awesome. It does seem like a odd location, but the food is well worth the visit!Best restaurant in downtown Calgary....by far!!

Everything was delicious.

Actually one of the best restaurants I've ever been too. Period. And I am a foodie.Workshop is a great restaurant downtown Calgary. Their menu is seasonal and always changing. Chef Kenny always seems to push himself to be creative and to keep raising the bar, luckily for us customers he continues to put out great food. 

I love the atmosphere of the restaurant when you go in. They said share a building with a theater. The design is really open so you are able to see what the kitchen is doing at all times and you're able to see just how well that kitchen works together and they're beautiful plating. The Decour is modern and fun environment is great and every time that I go you can always hear a good buzz of people enjoying themselves and this restaurant.


If your looking for a meal that will leave a great impression the chefs menu has always been a big hit. 

The beef tartare is good. 

The Lamb Orecchiette is great. 

Black Apron Ribeye is terrific. 

Treat yourself to Workshop Kitchen + CultureLimited menu selection, and VERY pricey. Expect to pay 22 dollars for a burger. 

Hostess was friendly
Server was slow and not familiar with menu.Excellent food and creative small menu.  I ate at the bar and got to watch the executive chef prepare my meal.  Prices are a bit high but great atmosphere, fresh creative food and friendly staff all overall I'd say worth the price.This is a well deserved 5 stars. When I walked in to the restaurant, I was like what interesting décor. That's the first thing that caught my attention. I have heard a lot of good things about this restaurant. Yes I knew about the Lougheed Lunch which is named after the building they are in. 

So the Lougheed Lunch is $25 and it comes with a soup or salad, an braised entrée or fish and a dessert or fruit salad. 

I picked the soup, braised entrée and the chocolate brownie.

The soup was fantastic. I don't know all the ingredients in it but it had potatoe, bacon chives, etc and its a crème based soup. Delicious. It was an eye opener. The braised croquette is  basically a braised beef with a nice croquette batter. I remember something about chipotle sauce and that was about it. Yes she did listed the ingredients in the dishes but there were so many that we just don't remember.

The chocolate brownie was small but was also the right size. It had caramel on one side and cherry sauce on the other. It was really good. 

Overall, I loved the food here. No wonder the straight 5 stars rating. It really explains it all.I'm smacking myself for knowing about Workshop for over a year and not stopping in until recently. 

Workshop is located inside the Grand? Theatre. Is "classy-rustic" a  descriptor? Because it is what I would use. Not a ton of seating but the space is used well. Workshop has a pretty robust lunch menu, but the Lougheed Lunch (3 courses, 25$) caught my eye. 

I started with a cream of artichoke soup, served with a piece of pancetta and Parmesan. The soup was well balanced without too many overpowering flavours. My only complaint was that the artichoke pieces still all had the fibrous outer layers that are typically removed when serving artichoke hearts. My dining buddy quipped that perhaps it was intentional to "help with my digestion", but personally I'd prefer to stick to regular fibre sources. 

The main was phenomenal. the "braise of the day" was a brisket served with cornbread and broccolini salad. I'm always a little hesitant when it comes to "brisket and bbq" as I frequent Texas and am therefore a little sick of BBQ, especially when mediocre. However, I opted for the brisket and I was so wonderfully, pleasantly surprised.  

When you think brisket, you think tender, but you also think fatty in a sloppy, watery fat kinda way. Not so with Workshop's brisket - the meat was simultaneously tender yet not "boiled to mush" overcooked, with appropriate color and texture. The fat was present (it's brisket after all, part of the experience), but managed to avoid the watery fatty consistency many brisket iterations have the misfortune of having. 

Let's move onto the flavoring and the sauce. I am so incredibly over "Brisket" that has a 2$ bottle of superstore bbq sauce drenched on top and calling it BBQ. In fact I am so over the standard BBQ flavour profile regardless, so I was so excited to see that their flavour profile was a far departure from the dark oozy stuff one would typically expect. It wasn't even really a BBQ sauce - light, tangy, with bold flavour, but simultaneously not at all reminiscent of the bottled stuff.

The cornbread was also a wonderful surprise. I generally detest cornbread as the dry, flavourless crumble tends to taste like saw dust in my mouth, but rather than feeling as if my mouth was in a prison camp, Workshop's version of cornbread was light, subtly but well flavoured, and had a great texture. What a relief! 

Dessert was a fudge brownie, which I won't dwell on too much as it was too sweet for me but I'm a little bit of a princess when it comes to sweets so I can't hold it against them. 

Overall fantastic experience at Workshop. I fully expect this to be a go to lunch spot for me in the future.Wonderful food. Wonderful staff. I was hesitant when entering the dark building and seeing the restaraunt at the back. It was such a pretty day with so many outdoor dining options. I'd come back here every day. The menu changes daily. Everything is fresh. Wonderful.Brought my wife in on a whim over a surprise 40th birthday trip to Calgary from Portland Oregon for dinner, based on reviews from Yelp.  We sat down and chose the 5-course with pairings, which took the pressure of deciding on something from the menu off.  Over the next two hours, we were treated with incredible service, and a continual intense culinary onslaught on our senses.  It was easily the best dining experience we have had in over a decade, if not longer.  The staff was incredible, and even signed and wrote memos on a card for my wife for sharing our experience at their establishment.  Absolutely one of the most memorable points of our trip.  If you are ever in Calgary, this is the place!On the prowl to try something new, saw this new place that now fills the historic GRAND junction theatre.   It's been replaced numerous times with other businesses, but none of them really seemed to stick.  Thought I would give it a go for lunch. 

As you enter, everything that was old looks new again. The decor is pretty cool, I especially like the brick wall in the dining area, and the view of the open kitchen with the chefs doing their thing is also nice to see. 

The menu itself has a lot variety and the thing that caught my eye was the 45 mins Lougheed lunch.  Having a nice quick lunch is always nice option, as I enjoy the same thing offered at CHARcut. We started off with the Beef Tartar (excellent flavours).   For the set lunch, I went with the Beef and Potato Soup as my starter (tender beef with a stew like creamy base), the Arctic Char as my main (superb texture, grilled to perfection on the outside and moist and juicy on the inside, not dry at all!), the Salted Caramel Brownie as my dessert (flaky outside, moist inside), and the Homemade Soda as my beverage (Grapefruit Rosemary, sweet and light).  This was an AWESOME meal and one of the best lunches I've had downtown in a long time!  To quote one of my friends we were with "This is @#&$ing amazing!" (he had the exact opposite set lunch and was speaking of the daily braise).  

The soup reminded me of my mom's slow cooked stews, the fish was cooked the way it's supposed to be, the brownie was a reminder of what my Grandma used to bake for me, and the pop reminded me of the good 'ol Pic-a-Pop days when I was a young pup growing up in Regina.   

Basically this meal spoke to me in ways that I never thought could ever happen (re: Disney's Ratatouille), but it did. This will be my go to for a quick lunch downtown, I will definitely be back to try the rest of the pops, dishes and their family style dinners in the evening, I can't wait!Stopped by here on a business trip to Calgary. Very cool vibe within a theater. Chose the "improv" meal which delivered 3 surprise courses of chef chosen seasonal dishes. The starter salad with greens, prosciutto, radish, hazelnut, blue cheese, and oranges was great. The entree was a duck breast with asparagus, carrots, beats, and an amazing aus ju and garlic purée. Dessert was an angel food cake with berries and custard. Overall the meal was fantastic and a really fun surprise menu concept!What a find in Calgary!  I would put this restaurant up against any of which I have been.  The chef, Jess, is supremely talented and can adjust for preferences or allergies with ease.  Make sure to go soon as it wouldn't surprise me if she was discovered and asked to lead a restaurant in New York, San Francisco or beyond.  The key here is to go for the 3 or 5 course improv meal with parings.  From bison pierogies to sablefish with pork belly and back to duck breast with risotto, everything on the chef's menu is amazing.  Great atmosphere and wait staff will assure your evening is enjoyable.  Cocktails are well made and creative and deserts to wrap it up and leave you satiated. HIGHLY recommended for those in town and visiting.The highlights:
Homemade sodas with names like saspirilla root beer and honey lavender lemonade (I had both)
A 3-course + drink lunch deal for $25
A service culture that interacts beautifully with ALL the guests
A unique setting in what seems to be the old foyer of the theatre

This restaurant definitely scores points for cool. 

The 3 course lunch menu was a choice of soup or salad, followed by a fish or braise dish and finished with a brownie or fruit. I chose the soup, fish and brownie. 

Don't you just hate it when a soup is supposed to have some protein and you need a microscope to actually find it in the soup? Not this soup! The chunks of meat in this baby were plentiful and delightful. I'm not a soup fan but I cleaned my bowl. Even tilted it to the side to get those last few drops. Emily Post would have been appalled!

My fish dish was perfectly done too and the brownie?! Well, it takes a lot of unskillness to mess up a brownie  and chef Kenny and his team got skills so....

Yep, I feel like for this to be a really balanced review I must throw a little negative in here. Really racking my brain for something and the best I can come up with is.... ummm.... errr.... I'll get back to y'all in a bit.Nice food, tasty and fresh but pretty expensive.
If you are for gourmet food this the place! If you are really hungry and looking for a quick meal you may be disappointed.Food came out excellent from appetizers to desserts.  We had the surprise 3 course meal and everything was fantastico marveloso. Highly recommended. We were visiting Calgary.

Got some good tracks from shazam'ing the playlist that was running as well.The space is lovely and made for a great atmosphere for dinner. Not too dark and not too noisy so you can really enjoy the company you are with. Happy to see that they could cater to a big group of over 10 ppl. The service was excellent! Our waitress took the time to explain how the menu works and was very knowledgable about each dish, the ingredients and how each dish is prepared. The menu is designed to share which is a common theme now with most restaurants in the city. Portions were generous and the food delectable! Definitely enjoyed my first visit at Workshop and already looking forward to coming back!Food was quite flavorful.  Not quite four stars but more 3 1/2 stars.  Excellent service.  Very unique decor... although I would have preferred unrip seats as it was a uncomfortable wearing a skirt sitting in rip seats.I went in with a group of 10 friends last night and I think we all had no set expectations of Workshop but we were all pleasantly surprised how wonderful the meal and overall experience ended up being.    I would go back in a heartbeat.Had the 5 course surprise meal. Some of it was a little too tricked out for me but it definitely showed the chef's skills and creativeness.  Worth a look.My first visit to workshop was the second day they were open and I had such an incredible experience that I came back every week for months.  This past June I had the pleasure of hosting my birthday dinner at the restaurant and then reserved the upstairs for my birthday party.  Chef Kenny is a genius and has served up numerous creative and delicious plates. It is my favourite restaurant in terms of food and service.  I almost always have ordered their "improv" menu, never having had the same course twice and never having been disappointed.  I highly recommend it.Wow wow wow!! We did the 5 course improv dinner here on thursday and are so glad we did!! We had an amazing server that took great care of us. If you're doing the 5 course improv be sure to not plan anything else and enjoy your time. There wasn't a single dish I didn't love! They keep it a surprise too and just tell you the proteins. 
It's a small little restaurant so be sure to make resos just in case!!The food was very good. I opted for the chef's tasting menu and was not disappointedThere was no debating whether or not Workshop Kitchen + Culture deserves five stars or not, this place amazed me from the minute I walked in the door. 
I love that they've left some of the Showcase Grand Theater architectural element exposed and as part of the design. The seating is comfortable and despite having an open kitchen I was able to easily hear both the waiter and my dining companion.
The food is both flavourful and well prepared. The dishes are very unique and imaginative and the cocktail menu also reflects that.
Though I can guarantee you will want everything on the menu, make sure you leave room for dessert because it is stunning!

Workshop Kitchen + Culture is meant to be fully open on Monday, September 22.The food is absolutely delicious.  The service is great and the ambiance is great.  The only improvement I'd suggest to replace the sofa seats, they are way to low.  Otherwise it's one of my favourites.Service and food is superb.  We got their tasting menu which changes daily.  The bartender also makes a nice custom cocktail.  Very reasonably priced for the quality, will definitely visit again!Decided to check out this place after walking by many times.  Had been to the venue before when it was UBU and Velvet.  Really like the direction Workshop has gone with the decor  and layout.  Very industrial chic.  Greeted and seated straight away while we awaited our dining companions.  Had a look at the menu online which was completely different to what we received.  Was really looking forward to trying the beef tartare that everyone raved about.  So to start was a bit disappointed.  After our guests joined us we debated about trying their tasting menu and opted to try the 5course.  Our server was extremely accommodating to our discerning tastes and even shared what the surprise main protein was, as one of our guests was not a pork fan.  Our server was able to accommodate this request as well as providing suitable alternatives in a timely fashion when one of our guests was unable to stomach the tartare.  The tartare was excellent, but was surprised by the portion size.  It was quite large and filling with a full size 60degree egg on top.  Decadent but could be half the size with a touch more acidity.  The amuse buse was also tasty but missing salt or a touch of heat.  The second course was hamachi which was again excellent and well balanced.   Only comment ~ there were three raw dishes ~ it might be wise to forewarn diners about this should they choose the tasting menu, and are unable to eat raw.  The main was pork.  Was a bit disappointing especially after we saw what the alternative non-pork dish was - the amazing charcoal steak!!  Wish we had that instead.  The pork was tender but slightly more pink than preferred for pork.  Loved the paired veggies and sun chokes to change things up!  The cheese toast take on French onion soup was quite tasty but again large in size.  Could have been half the size and presented more stylishly.  The dessert was hands down the best course.  It was an amazing cornbread done to the nines.  Well balanced richness with acidity.  Overall dining experience was not too bad but I guess we are tough to impress.  Look forward to hearing how this place does.  They were busy with many more folks just arriving around 9pm.  Would recommend but might just try a few items to share off the regular menu especially the steak!After the delicious lunch, I just had to go back and try the dinner menu, and what an opportune time: Halloween on Friday night!

Dinner menu again was the same as lunch for appetizers, but the rest of the menu was segregated to Seafoods, Meats and Poultry and Sides to be shared family style like Briggs Kitchen and Bar.  But again what caught my eye was on the bottom of the menu: The Workshop Improv, a selection of items selected by the chef.  Since the set lunch didn't fail me last time, we all went with the 7 course option (3 and 5 course options are also available, with wine pairings also available). 

I wanted to try more of the Workshop Pops so I tried the Honey Lavender Lemonade (the real deal, straight from lemon tree in Springfield type lemonade), Sasparilla Root Beer (light and vanilla-like) and the Iced Green Tea (love green tea, this is my new fav based on this twist).   

Now bare with me, many of these dishes contained ingredients that I haven't even heard of before, so I may not be giving the dish description any justice, the pics will have to do!  The meal stared with a free sampler, Tuna Tartar on a Fried Wonton (great combo of texture with a savoury sauce).  Our first dish was an Atlantic Scallop on Parsnip Puree topped with a Kale Chip (formidable size scallop with great combo of flavours), Lamb Shoulder with Mushroom and Goat Cheese (wow, such tender lamb without the gamey taste), Butter Poached Prawn and Shiseido Pork Belly (like how the shrimp was just slightly undercooked; succulent, melt in your mouth pork belly), Apple Fennel Pate with Maple Syrup (a sorbet-like pallette cleanser with sweet soda pop "broth"), Angus and Striploin Steak with Potato Cake and Spinach au jus (evenly cooked exterior, the perfect medium-rare steak), and a combo dessert of Cherry Sorbet, Lemon Meringue, Lime Cultured, Caramel and Fried Pudding (cool way of mixing each flavour with the Fried Pudding, especially with the pop rocks in the sorbet). 

We had an opportunity to talk with Chef Kenny about halfway through which added insight and personality to the meal.  Now you may have noticed there are only six dishes.  Although I could have made it to the very end myself, my eating team was starting to tap out by dish four and couldn't even finish half of the delectable steak.   Our waitress took notice and offered to shorten our set course for us and charge us the 5 course rate!  Very accommodating of them to do so and a welcomed surprise. 

My wife probably said it best: "there are not many meals that I remember, but from the first greeting at the entrance, to the variety of tastes throughout the meal, everyone there left a lasting impression that I'll never forget."  If you're looking for a fantastic meal, with great value and flavours that you probably haven't seen before, you owe it to yourself to check out Workshop Kitchen + Culture.  Just be sure to bring your appetite and some of your friends along for a great ride, you will not be disappointed.Got the 3 course chef's testing dinner, and every single thing that came out of that kitchen was fantastic. Service and atmosphere was also good.Very innovative and delicious food. The menu and how your order is different and cool, there are good 3 and 5 course options to try a good variety of amazing food.

The ambiance is cool too. Nothing pretentious, a pretty casual atmosphere with cool industrial decor.  

I would grant a full 5 stars, however, it is a little on the pricey side of things, so great before seeing a show once in a while at the Grand, but not a weekly hangout.Sooo good. I went with some colleagues on a recommendation and was not disappointed.

Had the bison which was cooked to perfection. Definitely get the Brussels sprouts. Sooo good.Absolutely amazing meal. Staff was super attentive and chef Kenny visited our table several times, once to ask which cut of the ribeye we wanted, more fat or lean, you had me at fat!

The space is very interesting, like it is a pop up staged in the lobby of a theatre, but obviously they are a permanent restaurant.  Best meal we have in Calgary by far...The menu is ever changing and dynamic! Certainly a culinary experience worth having! Go for the 3 or 5 course meal and you won't regret it.Pausing in Calgary between mountain trips and stopped in for dinner.  Loved the space and ambiance. Servers were attentive and very nice. I sat up at the bar right in front of the kitchen and it was very cool to watch them all in action. They were also nice to do half orders so I could try more things. I had the gnocchi, crispy brussels sprouts and the scallop small plate.  All were great and so were the cocktails (forgot the name but my fav of the 2 I had was mixed with ice tea, grand marnier  and bourbon I believe...)Their lunch menu is pretty good but the dinner was a bit of disappointment.  I tried the steak and steelhead fish for dinner - both mediocre tasting and absolutely NOT worth the price.

For the lunch, on the other hand, they had a better variety of selections and prices were more moderate. 

I may go there for an occasional lunch as it's fairly close to where I work but I definitely won't go back for dinner.Ughhhhhhhh!!!! SO GOOD for those business lunches!!! Have done the Lougheed Lunch several times now (soup or salad/choice of two proteins/fruit salad or deadly delicious dessert that's bite size) is cost effective and ever so tasty. Love the location for those long lunches.After visiting the Glenbow and walking most of Stephens Street, which seemed like one long high-prices sports bar, I yelped Workshop kitchen just around the corner. We had just had two days of the Stampede's mostly dubious food fare and I was ready for something more quality that didn't alienate my partner. Turns out the Workshop was it. In order to avoid making individual dish decisions, we went with the 3 course meal choice and I had a glass of wine. This was not the $$ option indicated on yelp, I warn you. It was on the pricey side. However, between our server's Jennifer's astute and attentive service and the outstanding fare, this small/plate/taster's menu-style restaurant in a historic theater building was just what I needed after the previous two days of maximum yeehaw. It was a slow night and Jennifer lavished her attentions on with friendly and informative service the entire time. I cannot begin to describe the selections, chosen and created for us (with preference information-for example my partner does not like certain things and therefore our dishes avoided those), but it was a series of lovely to behold and delicious to eat creations that really made my evening, along with a nice red that complimented the meal. I do love this kind of place, a spare combination of exposed original brick, minor theatrical set dressing (block and falls, hemp house rope, etc), the entry way with partially deconstructed original ornate plaster ceiling with exposed refurbishment holes. To top it off, because it really was a slow evening for them, we got a little tour of the theater and "lobby"/green room areas with a little history taboot. Really charming for a couple of old stage hands like us. It is a block off the CT train's Center Street station (a rock's throw from the Glenbow museum), so access could not be easier for those unfamiliar with the area relying on public transport. 
Thank you, Jennifer and Workshop for making our visit really special, and a slice of accessible and friendly culinary excellence in Calgary.There comes a time when you dine at a restaurant and it becomes the most satisfying experience you've had in years. Among the Labor Day holiday shenanigans my friend and I planned, Workshop was a spontaneous choice, given our tardiness at a previous reservation (due to our thorough exploration of the city). But as always with spontaneity, that's when you come across hidden gems. The place is easily recognizable with its old theatrical sign and wooden stand-up sign, paired with the Theatre Junction Grand inside the historic Grand Theatre building. Would definitely like to return for more delicious food and to catch a show at the theatre.

We just walked in and decided to sit at the bar seats surrounding the open kitchen. Best decision I've made in a while. The chefs were really friendly, and props to Kenny and the crew for cooking delicious dishes with good cuts of meat and fresh produce. I HIGHLY recommend going for either the three-course or five-course impromptu menu. It's very satisfying watching the chefs work their magic and put together delicious dishes that aren't on the menu, with fresh ingredients that meld in your mouth! 

My friend and I went for the three-course to share, and enjoyed every bite! (Well, I admit I had most of it, but I regret nothing! hah!)

- First on the line was an amuse-bouche: a crustini topped with yuzu-dressed salmon. A fresh, savory bite to wet the palate for the glory to come!

- First course was a salmon and veal dish with a cauliflower falafel. The salmon was nicely done and the skin was crisped to perfection. The veal was cooked perfectly and complemented the lighter flavor/textures of the fish.

- Next up came a veal and potato jenga blocks with asparagus and ratatouille. More veal is never a bad thing. The dish was definitely hearty, but well balanced with meat, carbs, and vegetables. Their jenga blocks were an ingenious way to break the monotony of serving meat with fries, potato wedges, mash, and other more traditional starchy goodness. Layering potato slices into a mille-feuille, and then slicing them into jenga blocks gave the potato enough crisp yet retained enough moisture within each piece. The little jewel box-sized ratatouille was another solid layer of flavor in the dish. The chefs joked I'd be in trouble with this one... but I devoured the dish like no other!

- New player as entered the game! Towards the beginning of the night, my friend was amazed by dish the chefs were whipping up: a cast-iron mini-plate of cheese, bacon jelly, and walnuts served with sliced crustini. She was so intrigued that as the night progressed Kenny turns over and remarks - don't worry, I'll make you one to try. Hence the curve-ball to surprise our palates with a symphony of savoriness and sweetness. The hot plate kept the cheese from solidifying, and the bacon jelly was to die for! 

- The 'official' third course was a bread-pudding cake with a chocolate truffle, maple and walnuts. Feel like my memory is botching this dish, but it was a dessert that should be heavy after a plethora of food, but the most notable aspect was that it wasn't. The cake had a good density to fill the mouth with a hefty mouthful.

Props to Workshop for the amazing dinner and hospitality! A sublime experience, with a yelp review that only scratches the surface. If you ever find yourself in Calgary, I cannot more highly recommend this place.This place is a keeper. We were turned away from several restaurants because of crowds before fi sing Workshop but karma drew us to a better place. 

Workshop features a traditional menus but even better you can pick from their improve 3 or 5 course set dinners for a reasonable fee, the chef pairs a wine selection with each plate. 

My wife and I ordered the 3 part dinner. She went with their wine choices and I stuck with Buffalo Trace bourbon (which pairs with everything).  It was more than enough food and plates came out in a nice casual pace. 

Our waiter, Bobby, was perfect. He took care to explain the dishes but was over much a bother. 

The restaurant is sort of metro rugged ambience with a background low key electronic music selection that blends well.#Improv menu is a treat. I love ordering off the menu as well. Chef and staff are super friendly. Would highly recommend the delicious cuisine.This place has a very good tasting menu. The food was well prepared and verybtasty. Eveeytjing had the right balance of spices and flqvour. I definitely would go back again.Setting, unique, decor, creative, food -DELICIOUS, service, first rate. Been many times, always consistently excellent, a favourite5 Stars?  Why can't I give 20 stars.  Maybe even 100.  I wish I could give this place the god damn galaxy rating.

The first time I came here was in December with some friends, amazing time.  Why I didn't write the review then, I don't know, I was busy okay, but let me tell you about last night's meal at The Workshop.

It was my husband's birthday and even though he's old balls McGoo, I said no Denny's for you.  So we booked in at The Workshop for their "Improv Menu" which is essentially a 3, 5, or 7 course surprise tasting menu.  Trust the chefs they said, you'll be happy they said.  And yes, yes I was.  
The nice thing is you don't have to specify "ummm, no.. um... weird shit please" because everything they bring out is AMAZING.
And it's not even like 3 leaves of lettuce, it's incredible.  And filling, and meats sweatstravaganza.  New word. Look it up.

We opted for the 5 course Improv menu per our server Maya's suggestion.  Can we talk about Maya please for a second?  Amazing. Like amazing.  We had her back in December too and undeniably the best service anywhere in town.  She should start her own serving school and be like "Look bitches, dis how it's done."  but she wouldn't say that because she's sweet as pie.

Anywho, we wanted to try the 7 course but  Maya advised it's "a LOT of food"
She doesn't know us, I thought.  girl, we could eat the hands off a clock.  That made no sense.  But we took her advice and went with the 5 course.  The 5 course Improv Menu is $70 per person.

We ordered some hand-crafted cocktails - my husband the cilantro vodka caesar and me the blackberry curve.  Ridic.

I will quickly fly through the courses so you get an idea of how much food we were eating and enjoying.  But note the menu changes DAILY.  The chefs are just like "What do we want to make today?" And then poor ol genius Maya is left to explain it all (and she does, she's amazing.)

Amouse Bouche - Tuna thingy with soy and pickle veg.  Yum.
1 -   2 huge scallops with maple n bacon n shizz.  Stupid good.
2  -   Lamb encrusted with yums, served with more yums.  Yum.
Palate cleanser - limey foam with plum ginger gelato thing. Yum.
3 - WTF, there's more?? Oh god here we go... Espresso encrusted striploin with fontina potato gratin and onions and baby carrots.  Falling asleep now.
Cheese plate - Tempura'd whipped brie with nuts and honey.  I'm in a coma now.
Dessert - Fack.  Alright here we go, home stretch - raspberry  flan (maybe a flan), yuzu thingy in the middle, and a little ginger cake with crème Anglaise.  Basil stuff on place too.

The chefs hate me now for destroying their menu for me last night, but let's not get caught up in the semantics.  The flavours are to die for, the portions are insane and the service, wine, and cocktails are unreal.  This is hands-down my new favourite restaurant.  I can't wait to come back here.  Thanks Maya for an awesome dinner and thanks The Workshop for an always amazing meal.  Keep up the good work!!!My boyfriend and I met for lunch here today and were very impressed.  We had made a reservation on Open Table and it allowed us to choose "date" as the occasion. The hostess sat us at a very nice table with big chairs that was tucked away from the other tables. I highly recommend the Lougheed Lunch. Soup or salad, the braise or the fish, and a dessert. We both had the tomato goat cheese soup to start. It was so creamy and there were bread crumbs on top, which gave it an interesting texture. I had the fish and my boyfriend had the braise. Mine was a delicious curry with salmon and shrimp over rice and some roti on the side. His was a pork cheek pasta. I had the coconut brownie and he had the citrus panna cotta. It was a lovely experience and the food was wonderful. I'm looking forward to my second visit!I'm so glad I was able to try this restaurant before leaving Calgary. It was my least meal on my vacation and quite possibly my favorite. Since the Improv menu seemed highly recommended by Yelpers, my husband and I went for the 5 course. It's not even a stretch to say that every single course was amazing. And the menu changes so often a return visit will almost always be a different experience.

The food, the decor, the service... everything was spot on. Cannot recommend enough.Relaxed, interesting atmosphere and friendly, professional service make for an enjoyable evening...but most importantly, the food is pretty much the best in the city.  Creative, flavourful, and just so yummy.  The gnocchi and brussels sprouts are the best we have had anywhere!I like Workshop. A respite from the common Calgary trend lately, Workshop throws a lot of layers of flavor into meat and starch dishes without relying on Asian seasoning. Let's face it: anything with fish sauce or tamarind tastes good.

We came for the 3 course lunch, and as others have noted, you do feel like you're dining rather than just scarfing down something quickly. A fun selection of tea/herb/fruit infused homemade sodas adds to this even if you aren't having alcohol. The starter chowder was fresh and had a nice not-too-thick consistency. Being from the Maritimes, super creamy chowder doesn't seem right.

The Arctic char was nicely cooked, and served with a lightly sautéed cauliflower based veggie mix that was seasoned with North African inspiration. My wife's short rib had the perfect texture, and a great brown sauce with deep meaty flavor. The brownie and blondie desserts were okay, but the least inspired part of the meal.

The decor and atmosphere is a bit hard to peg down in one word...it's in the foyer of a heritage theater, with an open kitchen, long chesterfield-like benches, and a large dangling array of old chains and cogs. Our server was pretty green, but my impression is that overall the staff is very professional. If you're looking for a breath of fresh air in the Calgary fine dining scene, this is it.Came in on a Monday at 7 but there was a wait! I guess they we're understaffed. Tried again on Tuesday and got a seat immediately. Definitely an upscale hipster vibe. The staff was very friendly and everything on the menu sounded great. My friend and I went with the Pork cheek appetizer. I may get just order 4 of these next time and call it a night. We also split the rockfish and trout with a side of Brussels sprouts. Very unique mixes for each. One was done Korean style and the other middle eastern. The beer selection was great as well. Will definitely be stopping back in.Great lunch special that provides great value, good options, and some variety if you go back a few different times. The chef is great and very passionate about what he is doing and the quality of the food he is putting out. The only reason I removed a star is that I have been a few times over the years and I feel the quality of the lunch menu has decreased a bit over the years, it was absolutely amazing when I first went and now I would say that it is more along the lines of really good. I've also tried to go on the weekend for dinner a few times and they have been unable to make reservations for groups so we have had to go somewhere else.They have a great variety of menu items especially great if you're feeling a little peckish or wanting tapas style!Absolutely incredible meal. I'd highly recommend the improv menu. You will not be disappointed.  The pork loin appetizer was a stand out favorite for me, but returning else came in class behind.  Our server, Bobby, was also fantasticIt's unfair that this place should be found on our vacation and not in our own backyard. Lunch there was ridiculously tasty. I had the braise special for the day, and it was fall-apart-with-a-spoon tender, dressed with a delicious au jus and refried black beans. My wife had the daily fish, and it was flaky and flavorful. The berries and brownie were of course amazing. They had a great bar selection too, and the rum cocktail I had was excellently prepared.  The service was attentive, and she was even able to give us tips for our vacation in Banff. The parking was a little difficult, but we were able to get one of the lots down the street and walk without much trouble. Would definitely come back for dinner.I was part of a lunch group of 9, where most but not all of us could afford to be a little late returning to work.  I found the menu online and was looking forward to an interesting lunch.  Even tweeted about it and was looking forward to tweeting further after the lunch.  

Ambience is good.  Food turned out to be good.  But service?  After taking our order, things seemed to really slow down.  And our server wouldn't even meet our eyes.  A visit to the table would have made a lot of difference.  Workshop is supposed to 'care about your time at lunch'.  Disappointing to say the least.  One of our party had to take her meal 'to go'.Wow! What an awesome surprise. Been there once, and it was great! Had the seven course table d'hote. Best meal that we've had since La Dolce Vita (which unfortunately is now closed). Whenever I see this offered (which is rare) I usually order it. Especially when it's different each day, depending what the chef has fresh. We started off with a Parmesan Cannoli with whipped herb boursin. This was delicious. Followed by Ahi Tuna Tiradito - amazing! Then a short rib Pappardelle with pine nuts, roasted tomatoes and manchego. Delicious! A carrot sorbet with ginger rooibos tea poured over it. Different for a sorbet refresher - never had a tea of any kind served with it. A tenderloin followed, which was as good as any (except La Dolce Vita). Now we're full. Then we were served with a warm D'Appalache cheese dish. Very tasty. The dessert was a chocolate pot de creme.  Nice. Overall: imaginative dishes - I die for new taste experiences that are well made. This meal was beyond my wildest expectations! Such an amazing evening. 
The service was impeccable. The only down side is the ambiance. Room is very industrial looking. Wherein lies my surprise. Wasn't expecting a five star experience with the looks of the place.Checked out Workshop. Amazing. They are located in the Grand theatre, so the place is classic yet comfortable. The menu has been created by chef Kenny Kaechele, an incredibly talented man. We tried the three course dinner. The amuse was a tenderloin that was to die for. Following that was a spring salmon belly and scallop, then a rib eye that was cooked perfectly. A lemon tart for dessert finished the night off perfectly. Can't wait to come back.I had the Lougheed 3 course lunch special meal here and it was very delicious !  I had the braised beef cheeks and it was the most tenderest beef ever !  The mushroom soup was very tasty and I had the sasparilla root beer drink.  I was surprised that it was not a dark rootbeer color - but all the same , it was quite tasty !  I would come back here again because the food and the service was very very good.  They made sure that my lunch meal was done in the hour time so you would not be late back to work.5 Well-Deserving Stars!!  How neat and funky is this restaurant!  Interesting décor.

I was warmly welcomed and was led to my table where my friend was waiting for me.  We decided to order the Lougheed Lunch - 3 course meal for $25: 
- soup/salad - opted for soup - I had the Portuguese Sausage soup with kale - so good and hearty!  My friend had the mushroom soup.  I had a taste of her soup and it was very creamy.
- main - we both had the "braise" of beef cheeks.  So delectable!  The meat is so tender you can cut with your fork!  Comes with garlic mashed potatoes and brocollini.  There is also a choice of fish if you feel like seafood.  The mains change every day.
- dessert - we both chose the Brownie - Mmmm, mmmm, good!  Came with white little flakes of meringue & caramel sauce.
- choice of coffee or handmade soda - we both chose sasparilla root beer.  The drink came In a tall glass, the liquid was translucent with a hint of brown at the bottom.  Give it a quick stir with your straw and you will quickly find that it quenchers your thirst

Will absolutely, definitely be back at Workshop Kitchen + Culture @ Theatre Grand!!Excellent food and great service.  We had the oku and mushrooms for and appetizer.  Steal head trout and sablefish for dinner - and gnocchi and Brussels for sides.  All were great.I walked in for lunch, and I ordered a cup of soup with a salad. They did have a lunch special for $25, but I wasn't hungry enough for all of that food. I sat at the counter, right by the chefs. Everyone was really friendly towards me (probably because I was by myself). The chef offered to give me a free dessert, and I should have said yes! It looked great! I would give this place a 5, but I thought the prices were high. I appreciate that they have lunch specials (the $25 meal deal), but I would like to see them have more specials, like a soup and half sandwich combo. You won't be disappointed with the food, so it's worth coming by. The prices are my only complaint.When someone told me they redid the space at the Grand Theatre into a restaurant, I couldn't wait to see how they did it.

How would I describe the décor? Hmmmm, industrial chic? Long bench style tables with metal stools with rustic lighting.

Immediately drawn to the pork belly appie (which came with jimaca), I figured I'd be a bit healthier and get the baby gem salmon salad (which also came a poached egg drizzled with a hazelnut mustard dressing) for my main. I'm glad I got both, although the salad was quite delicious (the crunchy honey roasted hazelnuts were a nice touch), the portions were quite small and I definitely wouldn't have been full off just my entrée. 

I've only been to Workshop that one and only time (it's across downtown from where I work), I wouldn't be opposed to going back.This is my first review ever here.  
I travel for a living and you could put this place in any city in the world and it would be a hit.  

Great service and great food at a reasonable price. 

If you come to Calgary make sure to visit for dinnerSat at the kitchen counter. Went with the improv. Food was phenomenal and the chefs and staff were great. Loved watching the chefs prepare all the dishes. My favorite was the sweet and sour pork cheeks.Cool atmosphere and amazing food.  I was here with my spouse and five friends yesterday.  Everyone loved their plates, including me.  The gnocchi is 5lbs of ridiculousness.  I can still feel it sitting in my belly but it was worth it.  I'm not a huge kale fan but I tried the salad anyway and it was very flavorful.  One friend had the beef tartar and said it was the best she'd ever had.

I've never had a Mule cocktail before so thought I'd try their version of it.  It's extremely sweet and it didn't go well with my meal.  My spouse had a virgin Caesar and didn't finish it because he thought it tasted "weird."  It's too bad because the presentation was nice.  He regretted not ordering a soda and I regretted not ordering a beer.

The metal chairs are horrible.  Not all seating is the same, thank goodness.  Our table had these cold, hard chairs with backs that are completely straight.  You can't relax and sit comfortably.  I noticed other people sitting on the same chairs using their coats to try and be comfortable and warm.  

I'd go back for sure but would definitely ask to avoid the metal seats.Got a reservation on a Saturday for a big group.
I'm always a little leery of having one server for many people, but she was fantastic. She had great recommendations and was very knowledgable and attentive.
Between the entire group, we tried a ton of drinks and menu items.
I won't go through them all, and I was told the choices constantly change, so I'll just say, it was all delicious.
The chef seemed to really enjoy being creative with his dishes.
Workshop is on the pricy side, so I'd recommend it for a nice date night or celebratory dinner.Tried the three course dinner meal. It was REALLY good. They had a nice variety of dishes too (a scallop appetizer, steak entre, and then a tiramisu/cake desert). All three courses were great and I'll definitely be coming back.The Soy-Cured Steelhead Trout with crepes was one of the best dishes I have EVER had.  Our server, Brendan, was the very model of friendly, casual expertise.  The atmosphere is dark and glamorous.  Wines, with advice from Brendan, were excellent.  Would definitely return if I lived in Calgary and almost worth a special trip there from NYC.Absolutely the worst value and most disappointing meal we have had in Calgary, and we have lived here all our lives.  We paid top dollar and then some for a chef's choice, and it was awful, except for the tiny appetizers.  The table top was dirty and sticky, the chairs were brutally uncomfortable, and while the staff was friendly, the waitress blew it.  When my wife complained that her glass of wine was dirty, with a lump of something on the glass, she took the drink away and returned with the same glass of wine which they had tried to scrape the lump off of, but had not.  If my wife had told me, I would have called a manager over, but she only mentioned it on the way home.  
We were served a dish that they said was duck, but it was as tender as an old piece of chuck, and tasted more like chuck than duck as well.
The price for this disaster was excessive and nothing about the meal nor the experience was enjoyable, other than the company that we were with.  This restaurant may be trendy, but none of the six of us would suggest it is worth a try.This meal in Calgary was absolutely amazing. The food and service were both on point. 

Eating here if you are in Calgary is a must do, and if I went again I would do the tasting menu as I'm sure it would be well worth it. 

We the pork cheek schnitzel, trout, pork loin, and a side of Brussel sprouts. The Brussel sprouts were probably the favorite, as they were cooked with maple syrup.This is definitely a place to check out again and again. Chef Kenny basically puts out a different tasting menu everyday, 3 courses or 5 courses as well as having a menu you can pick dishes from. I was truly impressed by the menu put out for the Finale Dinner of Big Taste YYC 2018. It consisted of Salmon Belly Tartare, Scallop and Duck Confit Crepinette, Lamb Noisette and Shoulder, Fior di Latte Tempura, Earl Grey Chocolate Pot de Creme. The only dish that was a little disappointing for me was the Tempura as the batter was hard as a rock. My companions found it delicious so I must have had a piece that was left in the fryer too long but otherwise the food was impressive, not just for the flavours but the texture of each dish. I often find that texture is a neglected element but not so here at Workshop. The prices seem steep but love and care goes into each dish and every element of a dish has been carefully considered  and put together e.g. The salmon tartare in a decadent leek soubise, the sauce alone was to die for and something that makes you wish you could lick your plate and the puffed quinoa added a nice crunch that just added an element of surprise. My favourite was the lamb Noisette and Shoulder. It's great food when each item leaves you wanting more but at the end of the meal you feel just satisfyingly full. Workshop is in the old Grand Theatre downtown so parking is as downtown parking is. Ambiance was pleasant and the service great, unobtrusive when necessary and prompt and friendly.I usually do not recommend going out for dinner on New Years Eve........however 4 of us found ourselves making reservations for the 8 pm , 5 course dinner seating at Workshop Kitchen + Culture.
What a great decision.......The space was large but very well laid out , comfortable not cavernous.     The 5 course dinner offered just enough options so that everyone had no problems making choices to tailor their dining adventure. We opted out of the paired wines and went with a fabulous white wine suggested by Colby......our waitress and dinner guide. Colby was terrific. I highly recommend visiting Workshop........great dining in a comfortable and quiet space........imagine. ..great food without having to yell at your friends across the table.Excellent restaurant in the downtown core in Calgary! Workshop Kitchen + Culture has very interesting decor and a modern and unique menu. I've been twice and both times was suggested to try the fixe menu, which I didn't get a chance to but will come back for.

Service was excellent, with regular check-ups and professionalism.

Food - we had the Brussel Sprouts, Fried Cauliflower, Gnocchi, Pork Loin, Rib eye. Honestly everyone one of these dishes was fantastic and I'd definitely get them again. Look forward to trying more of the money. Overall somewhat pricey but well worth it!Workshop is by far my favourite restaurant in Calgary. I've been here numerous times and have always gone with the 5 course improv meal with wine pairing. Never been disappointed. The ambience is great. Really nice decor. Friendly staff. Took my girlfriend here for a birthday supper and they surprised her with a card that was signed by all the staff with some nice (and some very funny) messages. Thought this was a great gesture as opposed to the usual free dessert some establishments do at the end of your meal when your already too full to eat anymore.Met with my girlfriends for drinks and appies, as we do at least once per month.  Always on the hunt for good happy hours.  We found Workshop Kitchen's happy hour posted on the internet, and it looked great.  A few good appetizers, and wine for $5.  So we made reservations and met at 5:00 after work.  When we arrived, I asked for the happy hour menu and was told they didn't have one.  I showed our waiter on my phone the internet advertising that I had found.  He said he'd show it to his manager.  Well, our waiter came back (not the manager), to advise that they are not honoring that any longer.  I couldn't believe it.  So we proceeded to pay our $18 for a 9 oz glass of wine and left.  I was in shock that they wouldn't offer us something!  Not even an apology.  This is one restaurant I will not be going back to again!I just got home from the BEST lunch at workshop. A friend suggested it for a lunch catch up and wow, am I ever impressed! It was quite busy when we arrived but with a really fun, upbeat ambiance from the downtown lunch crowd. We were seated quickly and our very attentive server Brendan was right there to fill us in on the features for the day. Deciding what to have was the hardest part!!! Creative dishes, fun fusions and lots of local products featured on both the food and drink menus. My burger  was the bomb. As soon as it arrived the scent of smoked cheese wafted up and damn did it deliver! The soup of the day, potato goddess goodness with a dash of heaven was so on point I'm going to be dreaming of it until I convince someone to share that recipe with me. Oh and the bacon on the burger? CRISPY! Hel-lo! Nothing grinds my gears worse than bacon as flabby and tough as old aunt Mable's backside, but this bacon! Oh! Perfection..see ya later Mable, that sh*t is for Denny's. This was hands down one of the tastiest, most enjoyable lunches I've had with undoubtedly the best service I've had in a long time in Calgary. Thanks for making my birthday a great time! I can't wait to bring my husband back and try even more of your wicked delicious food!Great place to go for an hour long lunch during the work week. Their Lougheed Lunch includes an appetizer soup or salad, main dish which is a braise or fish feature and dessert. They used to include a pop/lemonade drink and have since removed that, which is unfortunate. Their Lavender lemonade was quite good and not overly perfume-y. Overall a good one hour ~$20 lunch for the work week!I had my favourite meal in Calgary at Workshop Kitchen + Culture!

My heart was set on the 3-course "improv" meal they offer - it's a $55 tasting menu composed of an app, entree, and dessert (you can get beverage pairings for an additional $30) - since I found the idea of a sight-unseen menu intriguing. 

(Apologies for the vague descriptions of the food to come, it's been a while since my trip here, but it was just so good that I couldn't leave without writing a review!)

My meal started with a complimentary app - tuna on a freshly fried chip. It was delicious and completely unexpected! So thankful for the generosity of the restaurant :) With that quickly devoured, we moved on to the first course, a seared scallop with some brown-butter beans and a tangy tangerine-sesame dressed salad on the side! The scallop was large and in charge, and really tasty! Then came the star of the show - the beef main. It was topped with a blue cheese crust that was rich and complimented the flavour of the beef nicely and was cooked to medium-rare perfection. There were 2 sauces on the plate - a curried carrot, as well as au jus, and served with the most delicious mashed potatoes as well. I savoured every bite. Finally, we finished with a lemon poppy seed cake, macademia nut, and stewed stone fruit dessert. Not going to lie, the dessert that came afterwards was not the highlight of the meal (the cake itself was a little dry, in addition to having a strong baking powder taste) but the stone fruit and the sauce were really tangy and delicious!

Service was impeccable and very gracious - thank you for answering all my questions about the food and explaining what every single component was! I also loved the surprise element to the improv menu - I never knew what I was going to get before it arrive at the table and heightened the experience!

All-in-all, it was a spectacular meal, and I would definitely return if I were to travel to Calgary again!I've reviewed Workshop on every site I could, and I can't believe I forgot to review it here!

Simply the best meal we have EVER had.  In Calgary, or anywhere.  I have never been this enthusiastic to share a dining experience before.

Two bites into dinner, my husband informed me that this is where we will be eating for our anniversary dinner, his birthday dinner, and whatever special event we can think of.  Any excuse to come back!  No convincing needed here!

Chef Kenny came by our table a couple times to ask us how our meal was and to give us a dessert suggestion.  I love that he actually cares about what his guests think and takes the time to come over and say hi.  Great guy! 

The service was top notch, food was to die for, cozy atmosphere, and absolutely worth the price.  

I wish I could keep Workshop a secret.  Or that Chef Kenny would be our private chef for the rest of our lives...We wanted to try something different and so we went to the Workshop for an early dinner our last night in Calgary. The space is very modern and tasteful, but still comfortable. The staff was friendly, informative and professional. Our waitress was great in making suggestions. We tried a variety of menu items and everything was amazing- not just good- amazing!It was my first time at Workshop and we came because of all of the great reviews, which we TOTALLY AGREE with!

From the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable.  The hostess made us feel welcome immediately and we were seated just as quickly.  Our waitress was so wonderful.  She was just attentive enough.  She knew when to come over and also when to let us enjoy the meal.

I loved the maple cinnamon drink!  We also had the 3 course improv meal and it was so nice to be surprised to see what was coming up next.  Each dish was prepared exquisitely and presented well.  We were very happy with everything throughout and can't wait to drop by again!Amazingly good food. I had the 3 course "improv" menu (surprise chef's tasting menu) and everything was so delicious and beautifully presented!
And all the staff signed birthday cards for my brother and dad (it was their birthday dinner).
Ambience is very cool - in an old theatreInnovative and fun. We ate early to catch an evening play. We had the Surprise me menu, the wife had the regular but I asked for fish - no problem. We though each course was innovative, well presented, and most importantly, very tasty. Would not hesitate to return.Food was good but the cocktails. They were amazing!!! The Nicaragua Nights is amazing!Great food, cool atmosphere. I came here with 5 friends on a Friday night.

It was a little confusing to know where to go to be seated. The hostess station isn't obvious and if she isn't there, it really isn't obvious. But I figured it out.

They have a great selection of drinks - I ordered a pinot noir to start. The fantastic server informed me the wine list is going through a change but the new pinot noir is actually cheaper. Bonus. Except it turned out it wasn't, it was more expensive - so in the end she comped the difference. Which was classy.

Lots of interesting menu choices. This is the one area where they lose the star for me though. I get sharing stuff is a thing right now. But if you go to a restaurant as a single person, with other couples who are sharing with their partners, and the menu has only sharing options, you are kinda stuck. I ended up ordering two share plates for me to share with myself, not sure if it would be too much food or not. It worked out in the end (the beet salad is great as was the polenta with shrimp) but their lack of one or two entree type items made me feel a bit awkward.

That said, everyone's food looked and tasted great. My friend has the beef tartar and said it was the best she had ever had. The gnocchi seemed popular too as was the share-chicken. Of note, two of the guys at the table had wanted steak but it was way overpriced for the size (4oz) so they opted for something else.

I'm curious to try the lunch as it seems like that's better suited for non-sharers. All in all its a nice spot with great food and superb service.Man, I just loved my dinner. I came by myself on a Monday evening and sat at the counter. I defaulted to a 3-course prix fixe menu and ordered a local beer to start. As the food was coming out, I chatted with the cooks, who were just the friendliest bunch. Though very busy, they engaged me in some small talk and I found this to be very personable. 

The wait staff was great also. From my waitress, I got the brief history of the building (the main concert hall in the first half of the 20th century that was saved from demolition by a group that turned it into a mixed performance + dining space). I recommend popping upstairs and checking out the bar and lounge that is used during the intermissions.  

If back in Calgary, I will make a point of coming back here.Ok.... This place is beautiful; and the service very friendly, even when in my opinion was slow... The food was not bad; the gnocchi were delicious; and the veal was great too!! I had the 3 courses option; where the chef pick every course and they pair the wine or drink... All meals were delicious!! Why 2 stars? Because my appetizer had A HAIR!!! A short one like a male hair; and in my table was only 3 girls and all of us with long hair!! Lol... That freaked me out; and I stopped eating the appetizer... I didn't say anything as I didn't want to make a show... But I definitely do not recommend going there!!Improv dinner FTW! First night visiting Calgary and chose this based on Yelp rating. Yelpers rock! We chose the three course improv dinner along with the extra sides and everything was so good. Please note the menu will vary each night - which is half the fun! They will happily accommodate allergies and avoid things you especially dislike. 

Amuse bouche of duck breast with achiote and salsa verde started off on a great note. First course was beef thinly sliced with powdered olive oil (super interesting), red pepper sauce, and a salad with leeks, asparagus and arugula and a mustard seed dressing with pancetta jam. Superb. Sides started coming out: beets with almonds and a warm cumin-y seasoning we couldn't exactly place but really enjoyed, Brussels sprouts with maple syrup and spice - thankfully not too sweet - and my personal favorite - potato gnocchi with mushrooms and a truffle cream sauce. I didn't think I liked gnocchi other than the semolina/Roman ones until this. Little fluffy clouds of beauty. Main course was lamb with a carrot raisin salad, cauliflower purée (velvety smooth, too), green beans with pistachios, and little polenta-like cakes made with chickpea flour. I focused on the meat and veg which was a nice portion. With the extra sides it was really too much (but we did our best of course). Oh yeah and there was still dessert. Panna cotta with matcha cream, fruit loop/pop rock crumble, yuzu gel and cream, sponge cake, and a thyme (I think) tuile. This made me feel like a kid again - it was a happy and inventive dessert. 

My colleague from Calgary said this is the best place he's eaten in town. My colleague from London is worried tomorrow night's dinner won't possibly compete. Needless to say, we left happy and full. Awesome service, too and a great laidback vibe. Just go already!Went here on a corporate group event. Small portions, lacklustre taste. Would never come here if it were not free. Overpriced and not worth it imho.Went for dinner last night and had an amazing experience! The atmosphere was unique, the staff were friendly and knowledgeable and the food was delicious!  We tried the 5 course tasting meal with wine pairing - I would highly recommend - every bite was amazing!I discovered this restaurant on Yelp, like all of the others ones I usually end up checking out!  Having travelled from Vegas to Calgary, I wanted something close to the hotel. 400 meters from Fairmont. Perfect.

I tried the 5 courses with wine paring. Good decision. They will tell you what will be served if you want, but they suggest to take each service as a surprise, which is what we did. 

Everything served was very good, in a creative way, small portions... Wine pairing was done with their sommelier, and it was very well thought of. Wine worked perfectly with each service we had, and some of them were not so obvious! Good job!

Decor is simple, factory style. Nice and cozy.

Great night, great diner, great service | Great experience. BRAVO!

Will certainly go again one dayThey actually close at 10pm.Amazing food, great service, cool vibe. My new favourite.Order the gnocchi!! You won't be disappointedThe Housemade fancy sodas are a nice touchLocated in the historic Theatre Junction GrandOpen for lunch and closed 2-4. Don't come at 3pm or you'll be stuck outsideHours on Yelp are wrong. They are closed during the day, not open between 2pm and 5pm.Best restaurant in downtown Calgary....by far!!

Will be back!Love this place. The Coup is a truly fantastic addition to the Calgary food scene, and how well it is loved is evidenced by a an often present line-up. The apparent prime function of adjacent "Meet" is to provide eager diners a place to comfortable wait, which is definitely a plus (especially when it's too cold to wait outside). I've visited many times and have always had pleasant, helpful, and unpretentious service.

Brunch is a fantastic way to enjoy The Coup, with a fresh and wonderful fritatta option every day. They also both vegetarian and vegan options for most items, using tofu scramble.

As much as I enjoy on their brunch menu, there are a couple of items on the lunch/dinner menu, though, that I crave and/or dream about. The first is the falafel quesadilla, which has a truly amazing combination of flavors, is filling, and is all around a wonderful dish. Try it with their house salad or soup (or both, as their simple salad itself is great, and their soups rarely disappoint).

The other dish I love is their peanut satay bowl, but with their "spicy almond" sauce instead. It is so, so good and nice and spicy. I generally ask for no tofu but extra broccoli, which soaks up the sauce and tastes scrumptious.

In all, if you like clean, fresh food, with great flavor, definitely hit up The Coup. Brace yourself for something different, and keep an open mind. It is a not to be missed restaurant in Calgary for vegetarians, vegans, and omnivores.This is a good vegetarian restaurant, everything is really fresh and you can feel it  in your mouth.         You get out feeling better.                                                 

So for a feel good meal tasty and healthy this is the place to go in Calgary.A vegetarian and vegan heaven!  Amazing food, great atmosphere and delicious drink specials (the peach Bellini is divine!). The decor is beautiful, very boho, hippie chic. I especially appreciated the herbs growing on the wall.  If you are a vegetarian or just wanting some tasty food this restaurant is the place to go on 17th streetThis seriously is the best breakfast place we've ever been to. Incredible food, cocktails, ambience, service.... just a really top-notch spot that combines casual with classy. Laid back but simultaneously upscale and trendy.

This place is so good, I feel like they should allow an option to add a sixth star. Like, one extra star per year per Yelper. Seriously- this place is worthy of Yelp developers rolling out a software update just to add that rare extra star for the establishments that REALLY stand out in all regards!!

Until then, please just trust my unofficial rating system: The Coup=

Shout out to our amazing bartender/server/recommender Jessica!! As well as Mickey, who no longer works at The Coup but he was equally amazing and helped make enough of an impression on us we just HAD to come back!!

It's even better the second time...
Six stars people. SIX STARS!I've been here twice and I enjoyed my meal both times but the service is not really match the food. Waiting time is very long and so as waiting for something you asked for, like sugar for your coffee. I will go there if I have plenty of time and not very hungry to help me bear the long waiting time.I visited The Coup with some vegan friends while in Calgary for a conference.  There aren't many vegan options in Calgary, so it's great to have an upscale, ethically sourced restaurant like this.  However, in my opinion The Coup is a bit over-hyped.

They have a nice range of really interesting and creative cocktails, and the food was good.  But it's really pricey for what you get.  The portions (especially for the appetizers) are small: the eggplant sleeping bags were three minuscule little eggplant wraps, and the cauliflower buffalo wings (which we were told were a "large" portion) consisted of six or seven pieces of cauliflower.  Delicious cauliflower, yes, but know what you're getting into, portion-wise.

The main dishes were all good, and entree portions are significantly bigger.  There's a wide variety of dishes, and both vegans/vegetarians and meat-eaters should find something to like here.  A friend and I shared the hot pot, which was tasty enough, but need the addition of a bit of ginger hot sauce.  I tried bites of the dragon bowl and tempeh shawarma that my friends ordered -- again, good, but not as flavorful as you might hope.

Ultimately, none of the flavors were really stellar, and when a bahn mi sandwich costs $17 and a bowl of veggies and noodles almost as much, you expect the seasonings and textures to knock you out.  

I've had much more interesting vegan food in Los Angeles, where I used to live -- and while I do understand that it might not be fair to compare offerings in vegan-centric southern California to cow-crazy Alberta, I wouldn't rush back to The Coup.

PS: Reservations are only taken for larger groups.I have A LOT of good stuff to say about this place! Considering I am not a vegetarian, I probably would never have checked this place out if it was not for my two vegetarian pals that came down over the weekend!! If you are not a vegetarian do not stress. Even if you do not like the food, the drink menu will blow you away. (NO joke, its super long and all of the drinks are unique and interesting.)

First off when you walk in, it is very cosy and cute inside! I really liked the atmosphere of this place. The servers were all dressed super cute and they were really nice! We got seated immediately (it was around 7ish on a Saturday night). All three of us decided to try a fancy drink! We ordered the "Bubbles and fresh squeeze", "iggy pop" and the "red sangria". They all came in different fancy glasses and came topped with very unique garnishes. They are a little pricey but nothing I have not payed before. Check out the list here: http://www.thecoup.ca/menu/cocktails/ (this does not even include their fancy hot drinks, wine and beers).

Since I had eaten earlier I shared the Rosemary Yam Fries with garlic aoili (which was to die for) and the Tandoori Cauliflower Wings with one of my friends. I had never had Tandoori anything before and it blew my mind. My other pal had the Tempeh Shwarma, which was also very delicious even considering I had no idea what Tempeh was in the first place! 

Overall the experience here was REALLY great. I would definitely go back even without my vegetarian friends. The only reason this place does not get 5 stars in because of how large the drink menu was (took us about 30 minutes to figure out what we wanted) and the overall price. Nice place for a date night or for a little splurge! Looks like a great place to work too!!Really loved this place. On a cute street and very cozy inside. Both the alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks were fantastic and both my husband and I were happy.
The food was healthy but very well done, great flavors and combinations in the dishes. I wish I could have tried everything on the menu.This place does deserve a re-review just because I have been trying more and more of their menu and have been loving almost every dish! They have revamped their menu since I first tried it several years ago and it has been for the better. I love that they focus on health without compromising taste. They got rid of one of my favourite sauces (the peanut sauce, they said it had too much maple syrup/too much sugar) and replaced it with a healthier version of it (using almond butter and no sugar whatsoever!) and it actually tastes even better! Definitely recommend getting one or two appies to share. I love the tempeh sticks, one-straw sushi, yam fries and cauliflower bites. Their tzatziki is delicious and recommend you try the vegan version (made with cashew cream instead of sour cream). 

They have a very creative cocktail menu that I have yet to try as my favourite drink is their chai latte made with almond milk, it is just too warm and cozy to pass up. I just love the overall atmosphere of the place and hip, friendly staff. If you check them out on instagram you will get a sneak peak of their daily dinner feature. 

This place has expanded my meat-eating palette and urge my other meat-eating friends to also come in with an open mind, you will definitely be surprised!Vegetarian cuisine has always had a special spot in my heart, even though the idea of becoming a full-fledged vegetarian never even crossed my mind. Many non-vegetarians still have old stigma towards it, thinking that all vegetarians ever eat is salad (and may be tofu for the more adventurous type). But I've had my fair share of vegetarian recipes to know that the way the vegetarians have sought out to eliminate meat from their diet goes far beyond living off of what traditionalists might call "rabbit food". In fact, one can logically argue that the vegetarian cuisine is far more interesting than its meat-included counterpart; for one, meat-included recipes don't have the same, intricate details in vegetarian-friendly recipes that somehow need to make up for the lack of protein and even flavours in the more conventional list of vegetables. 

Unfortunately for vegetarians/vegans and the vegetarian-fanatics (such as myself), Calgary has very little to offer when it comes to restaurants that specialize in vegetarian cuisine. Sure, it is much easier to find a mainstream restaurant these days that have an item or two on its menu specifically for vegans/vegetarians. However, these vegan/vegetarian-friendly items from mainstream restaurants are almost always so dull and flavourless that they fail to live up to what is offered from a strictly vegan/vegetarian restaurant. Much like ordering a barbecued rib from a rib house would be different from ordering a McRib from McDonalds, the lack of vegetarian/vegan-friendly restaurants in Calgary cannot be compensated for by having generic restaurants with a few, awfully boring dishes to offer to vegetarians/vegans. 

However, if you happen to be a vegetarian and work/live within walking distance from 17th Ave SW and 9 St. SW, you are in luck. The Coup, which sits between 9 St. SW and 8 St. SW on 17th Ave., just happens to be one of the few vegetarian restaurants in Calgary. Not a single item on its menu has meat in it, though please note that I said "vegetarian", not "vegan"; the restaurant does not shy away from using dairy products/eggs/etc. If you are a vegan, you will still find items on its menu that is fitting to the diet of a determined herbivore; however, if you are going to be offended by seeing people lick dripping egg yolks or goat cheese from their utensils, I would highly suggest you to stay away from this place as you would in any non-strictly-vegan restaurant. 

I went there to have lunch with my friend, so it was for a casual occasion. Most of the guests at the restaurant seemed like they had come from their work for a bite; there were a few tables that were vacant when I arrived, and it was still half an hour before noon. Unsurprisingly, the few vacant tables filled up quickly as my friend and I sat down and started going through the menu. Only a few stayed to wait, though I reckoned that had to do more with time constraint due to work than anything. One conclusion I made from this observation was that this restaurant would have a tough time accommodating any group larger than four during its busy (and less flexible) lunch hours. 

The server did an excellent job in making sure that my friend and I were comfortable and also that we were familiar enough with what was on a one-page-but-extensive menu to make an agreeable choice. My friend ordered the Green House Effect salad, while I ordered the falafel quesadillas, and they came to our table promptly enough at the same time. I got the salad as the side, and it was just as good as you can expect from a garden salad - nothing unique and memorable, but still good enough to wet your appetite. My friend had already started on her meal-sized salad, and seemed to be enjoying it. I should note here that the portion for both of what we ordered were quite huge, though not an inappropriately large size for lunch. 

As for what I ordered, it was the best falafels I've had as far as I can remember. Falafels are essentially chickpeas, herbs & spices and other vegetables that have been put through a blender and formed into bite-sized balls. The trouble with making falafels is to achieve the perfect balance between being too dry and being too greasy. Most falafels I've had always fell in either one side of those two extremes; however, the falafels I had at The Coup were just perfectly in the middle. I have no idea how the chefs at the restaurant managed to achieve that perfect balance, but they did and the end result was my mouth being full with delicious mix of flavours and perfect textures. 

My friend and I were both pleased with our experience at The Coup, and have already made plans to go back sometime soon to explore other items on its menu. I would be lying if I said I wasn't looking forward to it; in fact, if this restaurant was more convenient for me to access, I'd be there for lunch at least once a week. 

Thank you for reading the review. 4 & 1/2 stars.what's not to love, a great local vegan spot with amazing options.  If you needed more validation, I took a vegan from Toronto here and he was blown away.   Even my veggie family from the US came here 3x in 3 days because it was just unreal.

Why it's worth so many visits:

1. Great portion sizes
2. inventive cocktails (some are on (partial) fire when they show up
3. creative vegan options for the regular meat eaters (see upstream "burger", with gluten free pita)
4. unreal desserts, get the Woodland
5. seasonal waffles (sweet and savory), hoping for a return this winter

Not veggie or vegan?  vegan after 6?  no matter, this is the spot

p.s their cookbook makes a great gift for your vegan friendsthe coup was amazing! the menu selection were so wide and the food itself was impeccable, the atmosphere is so warming and cozy. would definitely recommend to anyone who lives in calgary or is just visiting!!There are not a lot of vegetarian/vegan options here in Calgary, but don't look any further, The Coup is your saving grace. I am not biased to this place because I am vegetarian, since I used to eat meat for 24 years. They have various selections, all from organic and local sources. I have not had a disappointing meal from this place, it's definitely a nice place to dine. Please give it a try.Yum. 5 stars. We went in for brunch on a weekend but they serve the regular lunch (maybe even dinner) menu at the same time, I believe. I ordered a delicious salad with pickles, feta, crumbled falafel and banana peppers and an amazing tahini dressing- it was really, really good. My 3 dining partners were all raving about their dishes as well. The cocktail & drink list is huge and they all looked so so special and creative. They serve Vietnamese coffee with coconut milk dulce!! Yum. Service was great, atmosphere was amazing. Go!Delicious vegetables for all! Even the meat eaters!

Love everything the do here food wise. Normally it takes only a little while to work out what I feel like ordering but with the menu at Coop I deliberated for a quite a while before making my choice. In fact my boyfriend and I made sure that what the other was ordering was something we wanted to try.

The boy had the Thai Pizza - they use a tortilla shell as the base topped with peanut satay sauce, chili flakes, smoked cheddar cheese, smoked tofu, green onion, black sesame seeds, inca fire salt and scallions. The tortilla shell is lovely and thin and stay crisp through to the middle. They pile the toppings on so even though a tortilla shells sounds like a small meal the toppings get you fill fast.

I had the Chow Mein Unplugged. Noodles with a ton of seasonal veg which also included purple cabbage & kale, delicious garlic-juniper sauce, all topped with applewood smoked oyster mushrooms - amazing! Love these mushrooms. Who thinks to take mushrooms and applewood smoke them? These guys. Applause! Good size portion and filled me up.

Their drink menu is extensive - one page all non-alcholic and different teas, the opposite page all great sounding cocktails.

They dont take reservations but we were told that if you generally arrive around 6pm its not too long of a wait. We were seated next to a couple at a 6-top table so we had some space between us and didn't feel like we were crowding eat other. Great experience and looking at their brunch menu online it seems they have great options there too.Love this place! Best vegan food anywhere. Consistently good- try anything on the menu, it will be amazing. Excellent selection of dishes. Great prices. Friendly service. You can't go wrong.Love this place for it's creative vegan food. It's cozy in there and it would be great if they had a bigger location. I would be very excellent if they opened a second location in the south.Amazing vegan restaurant! Even for non-vegans. The the veggie burger and cauliflower wings were delicious. The quesadilla was just okay. They have nice outdoor seating. I think it was a bit overpriced, and was annoying that they charged extra for ketchup and hot sauce and didn't let us know. Would come back and get the veggie burger every timeThoroughly impressed with my dinner. I wish I had room to try the desserts because they sounded so amazing as well.  I had the soup of the day which was a cauliflower turmeric tandoori, a sushi roll appetizer (which was good but probably my least favorite of the dishes), some large assorted appetizer plate and a main dish of the hot pot bowl, which with the soup was the highlight of my meal.  

I have eaten at a massive number of vegetarian / vegan friendly restaurants worldwide and this was some of the best food that I have had.  My drinks were also good as well, I had a maple matcha tea and a Vietnamese iced coffee.    The drinks were on the small size for the price, but the meal was enormous, so large that I had trouble finishing it and no room left for dessert.  Waitress was super attentive as well.

Came with a large party, most of who are not vegetarians and the food was a hit for almost everyone in the crowd.As a previous close-minded meat-eater, I stepped out of my comfort zone when I first came here. I'm not going to lie when I say that my first time experience wasn't what I hoped it to be and I was hesitant on returning. Fortunately, I think some places deserve a 2nd chance and after I had another go at it, I am happy to say that first impressions aren't everything and I loved it! As this place is so close to my work, I have made several trips here since. 

I'm sad to say that they have gotten rid of some of my favourite dishes! :( I loved the dragon bowl with the peanut dressing and while I thought their peanut sauce was their most popular sauce, they have since gotten rid of it! Another favourite of mine was their puesdo sushi, but I'm not sure if they simply switched up the name or they changed it around entirely as it is now the forest mushroom sushi. As far as other dishes go, the queen of green salad and greenhouse effect are delicious!! (100% recommend the maple balsamic dressing). Their yam fries with tzatziki are also unreal and you can basically bathe in their sauce. They usually post their daily feature on their instagram account if you want to check it out and get an idea of what you're in for! As it is with any restaurant, there probably will be some dishes you prefer over others. If it's your first time and you didn't quite like what you got, I would say at least give it another try like I did and you might be surprised and change your mind! 

They offer take out in their cute little uniquely hand drawn take away containers (it is a $1 extra, however, if yo bring your own it's tax free!) and you can also order their soup and sauces to-go as well if you want to make your own dishes!

Meat-eaters, don't shy away just because you think meat needs to be present in order to complete a meal. The Coup proves that it is indeed possible!The coup serves large portions of thoughtful and innovative vegetarian food, some of which I could easily whip up at home, and others of which would take me way too much time to do so. Service was both accommodating and friendly. I loved how they have a special piece of the menu with side dishes (or add-ons, more specifically), enabling us to easily craft a lunch for our daughter. If only they had a changing table or were located in Edmonton.Anyways, when I walked in, I already loved the vibe, It's very chill with a beautiful bar, loud but not overly loud music, long tables with bench seating, and friendly faces. The menu was a little hard to navigate because I didn't quite know what some of the items were... no description available. But let me just say this. GET THE BABY BACK RIBS. JUST DO IT. It's so crazy good! And the wings.. LOVE! We also got the watermelon and feta salad, which I'm not really a fan of just because I don't like the strong smell of feta. And the macaroni and cheese was pretty good but got too heavy after the first few bites. The drinks here are strong. I got one whisky drink and you don't have to wonder where the alcohol went in this place. It's in my cup!! I could totally feel it after a few sips. Or maybe that's just how they do it in Calgary. Anyways, fantastic meal for 3 for under $100 with drinks. Highly recommend!This is one of my favourite restaurants! They make a delicious vegan quiche for breakfast, and their daily cocktails are very flavourful. The service and ambiance are great and the food never fails to impress.To be honest, the dinner that I had here was quite good (the satay bowl with spicy almond sauce), but it is not deserving of 5 stars. The dessert I had definitely earns 5 stars (lemon cashew coconut square), but I am primarily giving this place 5 stars because the atmosphere far surpasses anywhere I have ever eaten. The staff here were beyond amazing. It seemed like they cared about the well-being of everyone rather than just worrying about the quality of their service. I have never experienced an ambiance like this at a restaurant before. I didn't even realize it was noisy inside until I was almost finished my dinner because I was so at peace!

Additional good point: They provided blankets to those sitting outside on the patio.

I only had the opportunity to eat here once, but it was such a wonderful experience that I would recommend that anyone that visits Calgary must try the Coup.I first experienced The Coup after a friend heard me complaining that Calgary didn't have any good places for a vegan to eat. October 2006 was my first experience at the coup and I was forever grateful to Jane for telling me about this place/taking me here. Between the first visit and when I moved to Ontario in 2010, I tried to eat here at least once on every trip to Calgary - eventually I discovered that their weekend breakfast was their best offering and made an effort to make my visits early enough to get something of that menu.

Not only is the food great and the service legit, but I really enjoy their philosophy on food and life. I appreciate their cash only approach to things, their local food goals and the act that they try to reduce their environmental impact as much as possible - it's nice to know a restaurant is cognizant of their footprint.

All in all, breakfast is the star here, but lunch and dinner is decent. I find this place is best for smaller groups 2-4 and there can often be a significant wait, but I've never had a bad experience.

The next time I end up in Calgary I'll be stopping by.This place is amazing - you'll love it If you're vegan, vegetarian, or neither! Lots of very healthy choices, though while you're eating you won't be paying attention to that as everything is so flavourful. The service is always great as well and the restaurant has a fantastic atmosphere.The Coup used to be Calgary's best restaurant and my all time fave. Since expansion it's really loud, chrome and glass, super crammed in, terrible service. Most heartbreaking slide ever, went today and it was positively terrible. We left before ordering, the noise was deafening.Excellent vegetarian dishes. Good choices and healthy preparations. Nice ambience for family and neat rates. Will come again!This is the first time I've ever enjoyed a salad in a restaurant - definitely the best veggie experience I've had in this city. Outstanding veggie and vegan cuisine. Wonderful service.The coup is the kind of place that makes me want to be a healthier man. I have been about a dozen times and have never necessarily disliked anything. There has been bland moments but for the most part the food was delicious, vegetarian without any pretentious attitude too! You know how sometimes a vegetarian / Yogi / new age oriented person can really look down on you for not sharing lifestyles/ beliefs with them...I didnt get that here. I had brunch on Sunday here, twas great. Smaller portion sizes and thats great because sometimes I need to be reminded of how much I DONT need. The service has always been friendly and unlike certain other patchouli oriented dining experiences ( ehh hemmm NELLIES) I have yet to find any bits of oily dread lock salad on the side of my plate.
I even got drunk here once in the summer and shared 2 giant punch bowls with a friend. We looked quite likely as if we were a homosexual couple enjoying an evening on the town...perhaps before a night out at the thee-a-tah.
But most enjoyable of all was stumbling drunk out the door of a vegetarian spot and having people shoot you scowls as you light a cigarette. whoops.

NamasteWent to the Coup for lunch today (first time since they renovated). It is so much nicer than it used to be. It's more open and roomier.

We had a very nice server who was quick and knowledgeable about everything on the menu. They unfortunately had a temporary problem with the cooker (stove? oven?) today, but that was fine, they still had a number of items available including the quesadilla, salads, sandwiches, etc. I had a delicious sandwich with coconut "bacon" and the potato cheese soup was really tasty - one of the best restaurant soups I've ever had.  To drink I had a basil lemon limeade - super refreshing!!

I love this restaurant and need to come here more often!!!!Generally people assume that vegan food is bland, but that so doesn't have to be the case. Unfortunately, The Coup doesn't give haters any reason to reassess their opinions of vegetarian/vegan fare.

Unlike my favourite vegan restaurant in Toronto called 'Fresh', The Coup IS NOT all that. The food is very bland, the environment is too cozy for my liking and the service isn't anything to write home about.

The Coup had serious potential in my mind when a friend told me about it, but after one visit (which happened to be one visit too many), I've come to the conclusion that unfortunately, it just doesn't deliver on any level.Came here with a vegetarian friend and we both felt the same way - the food was good, but the overall feel was a little.. fabricated. Of course this is only my opinion, but I didn't like the feel or the attitude of the people there. For whatever reason, that bothers me, but the food is quite good and flavourful and sometimes you are forgetting you are eating a vegetarian/vegan meal.There was a nice variety of items on the Coup's menu, which was nice for a specialty restaurant. Items such as 'Pseudo Sushi' and 'Mushroom Faux Gras Cigars' are very creative creations and refreshing to see on the menu.

Two of each of the following were ordered: Dragon Bowls & Bun-Me Vietnamese-inspired subs; one of each the Caribbean BBQ and Thai Pizza's; and a King of Kale salad with egg & avocado. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their meal. I myself ordered the Bun-Me Vietnamese-inspired sub, it could have been spicier but it was still tasty. My wife ordered the Dragon Bowl with easy sauce & it was so good with the peanut sauce.

All in all, it was a good experience. We give it a 4 out of 5 only because reservation is very limited, with only certain times available for reservation due to the size of the restaurant. Aside from that, we will for sure be eating there again.Although the food was very good and the restaurant is nice, my one complaint is that for relatively high prices, the meal portions in my opinion are pretty small. You don't really get what you pay for. I could've used more food. 
That being said, it's a nice place and our waitress gave excellent customer service!Tried this place with a friend since she requested for her birthday. I will admit I loved the drink selection, the food was tasty, and the service was good, however I do think that it is grossly overpriced for what you get. 

I know vegan food is hyped and this place is on 17th ave, which alone makes prices go up. But over $80 for two people for lunch is a bit much.

They definitely have their market, but I probably wouldn't come here again.You cannot go wrong here! I always leave stuffed but not so-stuffed-I-never-want-to-eat-again-stuffed since the food is so light and not fried. You MUST MUST MUST have the hummus. Calgary needs great vegan restaurants and the staff here is super knowledgeable about all different dietary concerns (gluten-free, vegan, etc). Totally worth the wait at breakfast, lunch or dinner - that said get there early - the smell will get your stomach growling!This is a great retro decorated restaurant and "bar", which we soon found out we could sit in while waiting for a table.  I believe the bar side of this joint is called Meet, but we were so super hungry so we just decided to eat in there.

I was so impressed by the 70s retro furniture, lamps, tables, nice presentation of food, that I forgot to notice that I was actually tasting anything. I didn't pick up on this till later, food portions are small for what you are ordering, I had some sort of eggplant dish that was wrapped but it looked a little too much like tongue for me.

The scene there is really hip, too much to see in too little time.  Well after reading other yelper reviews the huge question mark in my head about this whole place has been solved.  It is a vegan restaurant, nowhere did I pick up on this and I am sure if I was vegan I would have spotted this a mile away.

Would I return?  Yes, keeping this in mind I think I would totally give a different review.Every so often you would meet someone who is a vegan, gluton-free--just bring them over here! I tried their treehouse sanwich, it was delicous and very filling. My friend had a salad which looked AMAZING! They are a variety of drinks the seem interesting too.coconut with tea, mix some tea with coconut! I love they way that their menu is and the names they have given to their entrees. It's a good place to go when you want a nice meal, but want it to be healty, or when you are on a cleanse!The absolute most delicious vegetarian restaurant food I've ever had!

Personally, I'm not a vegetarian, and I actually love meat. But after eating a lot of heavy food and steak while visiting family in Calgary, I wanted something different - and lighter. This place was an amazing contrast to the beef-heavy diet visitors to Alberta are most likely to be met with. 

Food here is also very reasonably priced.I've been to The Coup a couple of times. First time was for my friend's birthday. It took a while for us to get drinks, but food came out in a timely manner. I had the Beachfront Hot Pot, and it was delicious. A nice, light dish with a lovely flavor from the coconut and lime broth. They also brought a complimentary sorbet for my friend for her birthday, which was really sweet of them to do.
The second time I came here, we arrived shortly after it opened for dinner service. It was about a quarter full, so we got in right away. It started getting busier, but service remained attentive. We got the Warm Goat Cheese Dip and Baked Rosemary Yam Fries to start. The Goat Cheese Dip was to die for!!! So so good. The Yam Fries were also excellent, and I loved the Garlic Aioli that came with them. I got the Noodles of Contribution, which were so yummy. The jalapeno pesto had a nice kick to it, but wasn't overly spicy which I liked. The pumpkin seeds gave some crunch, and the portion was extremely generous.
Overall, I am glad I discovered this gem. I am not a vegetarian, so I was skeptical about coming here. But my close friend and my brother are vegetarians, and both loved this place. So, I'm glad I opened my mind up to different cuisine, and I can definitely say I will be returning once they finish their renos.Went to The Coup for my birthday dinner yesterday. I have never been to this area of the city, and was pleasantly surprised by all the neat stores, restaurants and parks! 

I walked into the restaurant and was struck by the wood accents and modern look and feel of the space, but also how it incorporated some trendy features with the plants in the wall, and the servers that were working. 

I ordered the 'Cherry Bomb' (homage to the Runaways?) cocktail. I am not a big cocktail fan, but wanted something different to drink, and it was my birthday...so I do what I want :P It was a nice balance of sweet from the cherry, with the sharp liquor flavours of apple brandy and buffalo trace (the apply brandy and some of the other liquors are from Ironworks, a local Nova Scotian distillery! Woot!). 

I ordered the ban-mi bun with their soup of the day, potato beer. Waiting for the food to arrive I sipped my drink and people watched. The bartender made some chit chat with me as I waited, which was great to have that conversing opportunity. The waitresses, bartenders and hostesses were always trying to be friendly and chatty, which is a nice change from some places. 

Food arrived and I was hesitant with the ban mi since the menu stated it would be on a ciabatti bun, which is not traditional. However I was pleasantly surprised when I bit into a nice crispy, buttered bun that was perfect! Albeit not traditional, it was tasty and all the flavours and textures came together nicely. I had the garlic hot sauce put on the side as I was worried it would be too spicy for me with the already spicy kimchi, as I am a bit of a wimp with spicy food. I really am not my fathers daughter, both he and my brothers would gladly pour it on and ask for seconds! Having it on the side definitely let me control the spice, which ended up not being that bad anyways, just enough heat and flavour to add to the rest of the sandwich. The soup was eaten afterwards to let it cool, it was equally delicious! With micro bits of potato in it, there was enough texture to make it less of a liquid soup, although not much beer flavour. I suppose I could have poured my cocktail in there if I was really desperate for an alcohol flavour in my soup XD 

After finishing I ordered dessert! I was really looking forward to this part as I looked up the menu before hand and this dessert popped out at me. It is a lemon coconut "square" (actually circular). It had a small crust and plenty of filling! I love lemon flavoured food (among others like coconut, vanilla, chocolate, mint, peanut butter...I digress). This "square" had the perfect combination of lemon tangy-ness and I was a happy camper :D 

Overall, the food was fantastic! Although I am not a devote vegetarian or do I have any serious food restrictions, they had enough options to help pretty much any person. The servers were very friendly, and the atmosphere of the place was casual and earthy/trendy.I am not vegetarian or vegan but the Coup is absolutely WONDERFUL and I come here with tons of my vegan friends all the time. The brunch service and the dinner service is both amazing. The whole place is very aesthetic and the staff are warm and welcoming.

My favorite to order here is the tree house sandwich with the coconut bacon, it never fails to amaze me, I don't know if they change the recipe every so often but I feel like it gets better every time. You can make almost any dish vegan and gluten-free.

It can get a little loud and hard to hear other people but the lighting provides an intimate feel to the place. 

This is a great place to bring family and friends! The prices aren't that bad too!Five stars for the (in-season) locally-sourced and organic produce, the composting, the recycling, the vision, and the stand for excellent, fresh, socially responsible vegetarian food in Calgary.

Three-and-a-half-to-four stars for the good.  It was all good, but it wasn't great.  I liked it; didn't love it.  It wasn't -- "OMG I can't believe the flavors and the depth".  We shared a salad -- the Green House Effect -- and two entrees, the Falafel Quesadilla and the Greek Goddess.  

We added tempeh croutons to our Green House Effect salad (which normally comes on another salad but we wanted to try them) which added something extra.  Other than that, the salad was among the most routine on the menu.  The dressings were great.  The sesame lemongrass vinigrette and the maple balsamic were delicious.  The Falafel Quesadilla wasn't really a quesadilla at all.  Rather, it was like a salad wrapped in a sprouted tortilla.  Still, it was good (again, not great, though I would order it again).  The Greek Goddess was also good, but just a tad on the boring side.  Its foundation was rice and lentils with some other stuff thrown in, like kalamata olives.

One thing that I DIDN'T LIKE about The Coup is that there seemed to be an extra charge for EVERYTHING.  Because we were sharing, we have them split the Greek Goddess into two bowls.  $2 extra.  We tried two salad dressings instead of one -- $1.50 extra.  The tempeh croutons -- $3 extra. I I have NEVER been charged extra for trying an additional salad dressing at any restaurant in my life.  To boot, the size of the salad dressing was tiny.  For $1.50?? It's a bit nickel-and-dime, no?  The salad, as we got it, was $15.50 instead of its original $11.  That's a bit dear, eh?

We got the chocolate sorbet for dessert.  It's not homemade, and it's not worth getting.  Skip it.

The space is small, and, from what I'm told, usually crowded.  We lucked out and got a seat right away at 9:20p on a Tuesday.

All-in-all, I will forgive the trangressions of over-padding the bill because I strongly believe in the what The Coup represents.  As far as I can discern, there are only three dedicated vegetarian restaurants in Calgary.  God-speed, The Coup, in tranforming cattle-ranching country into a more ecologically-conscious and socially-responsible society.I love Coup what more can I say. I'm not a vegetarian but everything on the menu is completely delicious and makes me wish I was. I've never had a bad thing and the atmosphere and the service are always great. Try the Greek Goddess it is to die for! I wake up dreaming about it and actually bought the Coup's cookbook just so I could make this dish. It's still nice to be able to walk down the street and have it ready-made & waiting for me though.I found the staff to be arrogant and unaccommodating.  It may be a "vegan is better" attitude. While I was there a group of six arrived to celebrate the birthday of one of the twentysomething group, however, the waiter/manager refused to let them move a table for two to adjoin the table for four in the corner near the cash register so they could all be together for this special occasion; the reason given by the waiter/manager was that it would block the usual path to the cash register; so two of the group had to sit apart because the waiter/manager didn't want to walk an additional three steps to get to the cash register; on another occasion, I arrived with a Beano coffee cup in my hand, waited in the entrance while holding and sipping from my Bean coffee cup, then was greeted by a host while I was holding my Beano coffee cup, waited a bit longer, then another host greeted me with my Beano coffee cup and seated me at the DJ table with my Beano coffee cup; then while my Beano coffee cup was on the table, a waitress came and took my lunch order; a few minutes later the young waitress returned, reached across the table and grabbed the Beano coffee cup while barking "you're not allowed to have outside beverages in here!"  I was surprised, so I grabbed the Beano coffee cup from her hand and asked "why are you telling me now, after I have ordered my lunch?  I have had this cup since I arrived!"  She replied: "well, I can cancel your order if you want!"  I said "that's not a fair solution, why don't you bring me a coffee cup, I will pour the rest of my coffee into the cup and you can charge me for a coffee, I will probably have a re-fill anyway"; she said she couldn't do that and insisted that I give her the Beano coffee cup; I asked to see a manager; the manager supported the waiter so I asked to speak to an owner since I thought I was being unfairly treated and that my proposed compromise was reasonable; they took the Beano coffee cup, I ate my lunch, the owner called and spoke with me on the phone; she said the staff were enforcing the rules.  I suggested that they could be more accommodating or, at least, inform people as soon as they arrive.  On the way out I checked to see if I had missed a notice that was posted at the entrance saying: "No outside food or beverages" and there wasn't one.  So, I called the owner and suggested it might be more fair to post a notice.  If they had told me that outside beverages were prohibited when I arrived, I would have left, finished my coffee and probably returned to have lunch.  (NOTE: other restaurants along 17th Avenue SW allow outside beverages and are accommodating).Pretty busy here but the bar seats are usually available it seems. I am not sure why people don't like the bar seats, the waitress was very nice and helpful. Did a wonderful job :)

Vegetarian paradise it seems. Even for non-vegetarians this has some good choices. Really enjoyed the mushroom faux gras cigars and the the upstream burger. Never had such a unique vegetarian burger and the garlic Aioli is to die for. I could spread that on anything! 

Only thing that wasn't my cup of tea was the cajun tempeh sticks. To be honest I still don't know what a tempeh is. The place is pretty noisy though but good atmosphere.

Maybe I need to get out more often but I've never had a affogado before (espresso over coconut gelato). Not sure what it was but it worked. Could be a drink, could be  dessert. Quite a pleasant surprise!

Vegetarian or not, try this place.Oh.....heaven is here on earth?!  I wasn't sure until I found Coup on a trip to Calgary.  And I have returned for multiple meals every time I am in the city!  

The first time I went was on lunch break from a yoga workshop just down the street.  I was so happy there was a vegetarian place in the area as it makes my veggie life a whole lot easier!  It was a cold 6 block walk, but well worth it.  I had a flowering tea and the Hot Pot which changed my world.  So delicious.  And I think it was the first time I had eaten Lotus Root.  I was craving more so I went back that night and had the Satay Bowl.  Also amazing.  Also filling.  I couldn't finish it all!

A week later I was back in the city with my fiance.  He was also excited about a veggie place that was so close to where we were staying.  We decided to check it out for lunch and he was also very pleased.  I didn't stray too far and I had the Hot Pot again as I had been thinking about it all week.  He had a veggie bowl with falafel and an amazingly tangy dressing.  I only got one bite, but I thought it was great and judging by the time it took to disappear, he also thought it was great.  

I will be back to try more on their amazing menu!  There is enough variety to keep me interested for a while, although that Hot Pot alone is enough to keep me coming back again and again and again and again and....Really cute restaurant which has seating for only 32.  It took about 15-20 minutes for us to get a seat, but the staff were nice and the food was pretty good.  I ordered the Beachfront hotpot, which was a coconut curry with pho type noodles, lotus, edamame, sliced carrot, and some other veggies.  It was pretty tasty, was hoping for more noodles though!  My coworkers ordered the pear, caramelized onion and brie sandwich (and they said it was good!) and my other coworker ordered a falafel and hummus quesadilla (strange combo of ethnicities).  

The drinks here are also great - for example, basil lemon lime ade.  A lot of unique drinks that I haven't seen elsewhere.  

I would say the veggie food at this place is much better than Gratitude Cafe in Kensington.  

Lots of homemade bags hung around the restaurant in lieu of your typical artwork on canvases.  

And one last observation: when we ate here, everyone in the restaurant was female!  i'd never seen anything like it!As a vegetarian it is great to be able to come to the Coup as they have so many options for someone who is either Vegetarian or Vegan.  I go to the coup several times a month for breakfast and I am always very happy.  It is great for Dinner as well or even just for drinks.We went here for lunch today with high hopes. After simply forgetting to make my drink (and then not offering to comp it?), we received our improperly prepared food (if you're going to bother asking how I want my eggs poached, then you should deliver on what I ask for). The flavors were decent but the food very overpriced, even for their "ethically" gathered grub. I'm not sure why everyone is so gaga over this place. 

In general, the service was slow and not particularly hospitable. My food was under-seasoned, and I didn't want to eat the second half of it (I would have returned it if I wasn't hungry and in a rush). My boyfriends food was good- not great but good.Atmosphere: 5/5
Service: 4/5
Food: 4/5
Overall experience: 4/5

My favorite vegetarian restaurant in Calgary...of course it's the only vegetarian restaurant that I have been to in Calgary but it is the best!  Great hip atmosphere and music.  Even if you don't like vegetarian food, you will enjoy the atmosphere and the interesting people who go there.When it comes to vegetarian food, are there any other meat eaters out there feel intimidated? It's like I  expect to feel so far out of my element that I'm nervous to give it a chance. Well, as fellow meat eater to meat eater, please let me say "Stop it. Stop it right now. There's nothing to be afraid of!"

I caught myself feeling surprised at how inclusive The Coup felt. I then realized I had caught myself in the middle of a ridiculous prejudice I didn't even know I had. Of course The Coup is inclusive! It's filled with people who are passionate at what they do. In many cases this means getting wildly creative, digging in deep to find ways to meet meat-free dietary requirements that still exceed in flavour. You've got to think outside the box when you can't make something better just by putting bacon on it. Take me to your world!

The very first thing to open my mind were the cocktails. No, not in the kind of way that cocktails make everyone more open minded, but with and adult spin on delicious beverages I've only ever seen marketed for health benefits. An activated charcoal lemonade with tequila, for instance. Am I detoxing, or toxing? Do they cancel each other out, or do they compliment each other, utilizing charcoals positive effects on the body, and tequila's positive effect on my soul? Am I reading way too deep into this? Yes! Who cares?! It's delicious!

Boozy Kombucha party punch bowls... didn't get to try it, but that's reason enough for me to return!This place should be 4.5 stars, so I'm trying to get it up there.

I had seen this place on here and decided to give it a try.  Came in and sat at the bar and was greeted by Jeff, the bartender.  I asked for his recommendation on a drink: spot on.  Asked his recommendation for food (the bun-me and chipotle black bean and chocolate soup): spot. on. 

I'll definitely go back and ask for more recommendations.We went here for lunch and I enjoyed it enough to come back for dinner the same day.

Everything is vegetarian.  Most dishes can be made vegan and/or gluten free.  All desserts are vegan.

They don't have much competition in Calgary, so locally they are definitely 5-star "as good as it gets".  On a world-wide basis, they are a solid 4.5 stars.  Rounding up to 5 overall.Just had a great frittata here. It changes every day. My wife had the beach front hot pot and my son the grilled treehouse sandwich. Absolutely delicious and fresh. The coconut bacon was a bit sweet for my liking but would make a great dessert. If you are thinking of trying a vegetarian lifestyle or are just interested try this place! Excellent service as well.Love the new space, now that renos are complete. It's a cozy mix of mid century/ 70's with just a hint of cat lady-esque macrame touches to make it feel homey. 
It's been so long since I've visited and so there have been a decent amount of changes to the menu. If you order the pizza like I did, keep in mind it's gigantic. Two people could share this and add an app to make it a meal. Who knew curried cauliflower, light cheese and cashew pesto on a gluten free crust, would take me down so easily? Well, almost took me down. Managed to squeeze in a scoop of the strawberry/ rhubarb sorbet afterwards.  ( dessert pocket) It was refreshing to the palate after the curry. Creamy without the dairy upset one can get from regular ice cream. 
Shared a pitcher of sangria, which could have had a bit more wine as I like my sangria strong, but for $16, it's the best bet for your dollar and in my humble opinion, king of the summer drinks.This place is amazing! The atmosphere was great, dim but not dark and just crowded enough to be full but intimate. The volume was perfect for conversation with just enough ambient noise for privacy.
We had the mushroom "cigars" with truffle honey  as an appetizer and were very pleased with them. They were smallish filo pastry rolls which were tasty but not heavy. The truffle honey added a ton of depth. 
We split a Thai pizza as a main. It was smoked cheddar and tofu with carrots and a peanut satay sauce base. Our excellent server suggested we hold on the the truffle honey to drizzle a little on the pizza and it was great advice. 
While the portions were modest, a starter and a main split two ways was pleasantly filling. We'll definitely be back.Canadian Food = Bland Wholesome and Comforting

Vegetarian Food = Bland Wholesome and Comforting

Sounds like a marriage made in heaven to me.

Coup really delivers the goods on High Quality Good Time Vegetarian food.

Everything is all natural, bio-sustainable, locally produced, non-GMO, watered by organic water and fertilized only by poop from 100% organic folk singers.

The ingredients are pretty high quality.

The room is nice and the bowls are beautiful.

It does not hurt that they have an excellent excellent bar (heh heh).

This is an all natural place - so I had a Cucumber Collins.

There was gin in it, but there was also cucumber in it. This means it counts as a salad.

It tasted magnificent and was certifiably potent.

The Lemongrass soup tasted like pea soup, and had the consistency of pea soup.

No lemon, no grass, but that was probably  the result of being pureed.

There is nothing wrong with tasting like pea soup. I like pea soup, so I was happy.

Main dishes run to the bowl of noodles or plate of healthy grains with steamed veggies and the sauce of your choice.

Great big coarsely cut veggies. Good miso sauce.

I was filled to the gills with garbanzo beans and brown rice.

Mild happy happy food.

Dessert? Eh.

Dessert was not as spartan as  those macrobiotic desserts served by the high priests of no-sugar who believe that if you want dessert, your shakras are out of balance, and the only solution is to give you a dessert you would never want to order again.

Dessert was not as spectacular as the great vegan cooks of the twenty first century who know how to make healthy desserts  that are utterly decadent.

We labored through a vegan gluten free chocolate torte that was neither a punishment nor a treat.

But never mind dessert, get happy, get healthy and get balanced with grains vegetables and miso sauce.

And bartender, make me another six or seven of them cucumber things, while I wait for the floor to stop undulating........I have been here time and time again and have had nothing but delicious food and excellent service. For people complaining about price, all of their prices are reasonable for the portion and quality received! For those complaining about wait times, get there earlier? It's always full because it's outstanding vegetarian food and friendly staff. Keep it up!!I have been a regular patron of The Coup for almost a decade. I have never been disappointed by the service, food, quality or anything of this restaurant .. in fact, I am always pleased! The Steam Bun nights on Tuesday's are something new to look forward too. Dalia, the owner, is always integrating inspiring new dishes and flavours. I feel like I am in New York or Vancouver when I visit The Coup. Keep it up!One of the only vegetarian and vegan spots in the city. I eat here often, so I've pretty much had every item on the menu. The HotPot and the new BBQ Jerk Cauliflower Pizza are my favourite.. Followed by the Falafel Quesadilla and Bun Me sandwhich. The yam fries with Miso gravy and pseudo sushi are tasty starters as well. I also try to have the specials as much as possible to try new things!  The service can be slow at times, but the staff is always friendly, the food tasty and the cocktails delicious!Went there for lunch. 
The server was nice but not warm. 
I got a seat at the bar, and ordered the Thai hot pot. 
Kind of expected something light and delicious, and on contrary, I got a really thick soup, and tasted really really bland. I put a lot of salt to try to add some taste to to soup, but it didn't help at all. 
Bad experience at this restaurant, overpriced.Awesome place, everybody's really cool and the food is out of this world!  Be prepared though as it gets really busy and you may need to wait a bit and there is no air conditioning.In Calgary for three days two nights. We came here our first night, my daughter is vegan. We had two great meals so good we decided to come back for our last meal in Calgary.Let's just say that my even carnivorous family will request that when we are all congregate in Calgary, we dine at The Coup. It's THAT good. Service has always been friendly and the food has never disappointed. Nothing quite like consistently high quality ;) They support local artists, always adorning the walls with artworks. 
The Coup also sells a cookbook with a selection of their recipes for 25$. 

In terms of what to order, you can't really go wrong with anything. My personal fave is and always has been the falafel quesadilla, accompanied by a teeny bowl of garlicky tzadziki and a side of salad with shredded carrots and beets. Every soup has been a masterful blend of spices and ingredients, last visit the special being a polenta broccoli creation. Their salads have multi-layered flavours going on, with a mix of nuts, veggies, sometimes even goat's cheese, and always yummy dressings.

Always expect at least a bit of a wait to be seated. Another note is that despite my love for the atmosphere of the place, the amazing food quality, and the kindness of the service, I find that the music is always a tad loud for my liking. Or maybe I'm just a granny haha! But in all seriousness, for a filling and flavourful (vegetarian) meal, The Coup on 17th Ave should be your automatic destination.We tried this place on our visit to Calgary. We ordered ramen and veggie hotpot. 

Ramen : so so, and it was not hot  enough, most people prefer to eat ramen on a winter day because it feels good to have something piping hot and yummy, I would pass on ordering this dish next time 

Falafel quesadilla with yam fries : quesadilla was good but yam fries were okay

Veggie hotpot : this was really really good ! That curry / sauce had very nice coconut flavor and lot of veggies ! Presentation was good affagato (espresso with coconut ice cream) and really liked it. Perfecto!

Service : really good 
Ambience : really good 

Would love to come back and try other things , menu looked super promising !Service: Excellent
Drinks: Nice though small selection of beers/wine/teas/smoothies/etc.
Food: Excellent - the tempeh wrap had a delicious spicy kick to it - the sauce was dripping over everything.Wonderful thai soup and I'm not a soup person.
Appy platter of various dips, salads and crackers and vegetarian pate was a huge portion but a bit bland. The peanut satay bowl was a bit too saucy (overpowering), but flavourful. I didn't like being asked to move to another table to accommodate a bigger party. What? It was really awkward...
Only thing I didn't like about it is that since it's a tiny restaurant and so popular, it takes a while to get a seat. Not sure if they take reservations. If so, I'm coming here more oftenBland de bättre vegorestaurangerna jag ätit på. Men samtidigt så finns inte riktigt den där charmen man letar efter i ett sånt här ställe. Det är hippt och ett coolt ställe. Ljudvolymen var relativt hög och tillsammans med smutsigt bord kändes inte så välkomnande. Lyckligtvis så räddar maten miljön och det är fortfarande en upplevelse man inte får missa i Calgary.I wish I could give The Coup a 5. We left disappointed. As a vegan, I'm glad they exist but the best service we received this evening was from the hostess. The waiter/waitress could have cared less. No one came to ask if we needed any more drinks or even to check in on us.  The wait for them to clear out plates was incredible. We opted for no dessert as we grew restless.Always so good every time! Its by far one of my favourite vegetarian restaurants in the country!The restaurant has been a hallmark in vegetarian community in Calgary.  Food is good, the new renovations and decor is a needed improvement from the old bar area.  I like how the restaurant sources its food from as many local farmers as possible. I enjoy the classic coup appetizer, the meso gravy yam fries.  A bit on the pricey end but worth it.My favourite place to eat in this city. I crave the food here everyday and they are a huge reason why I have chosen to cut chicken, beef and pork from my diet. Slowly I am making my way to full vegetarianism. 

Dalia and Tabitha - you are Food Goddesses! Thank you for your amazing cuisine.

Like their cooking? Buy their recipe book. Totally worth it!Great lunch. We shared the soup of the day, lental soup. Seemed like a dip more than a soup to my companion, however ì enjoyed it the way it was. We also enjoyed the falafel quesadilla. This is a place to return for mor enjoyable food.

Little BirdWas walking by, looking for a late lunch, when I spotted this place.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I enjoy good vegetarian food, so I asked for a recommendation from the menu.  The server suggested I get the falafel quesadillas with the soup of the day (a broccoli something...)  

The broccoli soup was good, but maybe needed something to give it a little punch of flavor.  It seemed a bit watery and plain.  The quesadillas were delicious and filling - I'd definitely recommend them!I waver between 3 and 4 stars here. On one hand, I LOVE the food. it is delicious, flavorful and the perfect fulfillment of my freakish veggie cravings when I'm tired of the average meat-centric diet of Calgarians. 

On the other hand, service seems to be a bit of a mixed bag and the hippy-dippy attitudes, while endearing and mostly cheerful, seems to turn into condescension pretty quickly at times. Did I bring my own dishes for take out? No, if I had containers with me, they would probably have been filled with food from home and I wouldn't want to pick up some eats on my lunch break. You're wearing corporately manufactured clothing? I shall give you dirty looks.

This isn't to say that everyone who works here is like that, at all, in fact I've had lovely experiences with some of the servers. Like I said, it seems to be a mixed bag. 

The deliciousness of the food is enough to keep me coming back, and from my experiences is a total must for any vegetarians or vegans out there. Maybe I'll have an updated review in the future.I went here for dinner with my family.  There were five of us and so the wait was quite long (about 45min).  They put us near the back of the restaurant and so my mom being in a wheelchair, had a difficult time maneuvering through the entrance and people's coats, purses, chairs, etc.  Nuts are everywhere on the menu so I'd pretty much stay away if you are allergic.  I could actually smell it in the air while there.

Our server was quite friendly and informed us the kitchen was a little backed up so we should order quick (thank you!).  I tried the banh mi and was surprised to find the bread wasn't in a more traditional bun.  It seemed like they used a dinner roll / burger bun.  The initial response was, wtf?  However, after the first bite I was pleasantly surprised at the flavour.  There were lots of nuts so you'll be picking your teeth afterwards.

It was quite expensive so I don't know if this will be a regular staple for me.  It's good to know the option is there for a late dinner or somewhere to bring a vegan friend.Very expensive for what it is. Not bad but still probably the worst-tasting (very bland and small portions) and the most expensive vegetarian place I've been to. Forget about happy hours, they don't have it. Very nice employees but the suggested tip is 20%. The insane price of the dumb food gets in the way of me wanting to tip the nice employees. 20%... is u srsI was tempted to give a bad review to this place just so I wouldn't have to wait so long to get in but I just can't. This place is awesome. I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian but I do avoid meat. The Coup offers a lot of good choices on their menu. My bestie and I go there whenever we really want to treat ourselves, since it is a bit on the pricey side. Those cocktails doe! Soooo good! My favorite is the iggy pop, and it does sneak up on ya, there is quite a bit of booze but you would never guess it! I wish the coup had the no wait app but other than that I love this restaurant.This place is my JAM. I love this place. Ever since I first came here a few years ago it has
blown me away with its food and service. I'm a vegan/vegetarian and its very hard to find a 
good vegetarian restaurant. I am very cautious about what I put in my body and I love that theres a restaurant that is non-GMO organic :) I've tried a lot of things from the menu, and pretty much am never disappointed. Although the desserts can be a bit IFFY if you have a certain type of taste palette like myself. I tried the cheesecake and wasn't too impressed (which was a first) it had a strange aftertaste and could hardly finish it, even though I wanted to because everything is so pricey for me (student -__-')  
but if I ever feel like treating myself or if its a special occasion this is always my favourite.You know these places that are at the top of their game.  All around great reviews.  Great service.  Great food.  Great presentation.  Fair prices.  Great drinks etc.  Well, here's another.  

We tried the cauliflower wings and cajun tempeh sticks.  My wife really enjoyed the wings.  She thought they where great.  I though the tempeh sticks took the gold.  Both had been packed with flavor.  Wish we had more time in the area to have gone back to try a few other offerings.  

The portion sizes seemed huge.  That's the one plus side to eating veg.  :-)  It looked like a lot of area veg heads.  Not so many out of towners.  The folks next to us had an order that was on the old menu.  We opted for a corner spot at the bar with a view of the entire place.  People waited to get in over the course of our entire visit.  

Men scattered about but by in large female clientele.  I felt like a bull in a china shop.  But I'm used to it  and was happy to partake in some really great vegetarian food.  We are just plain old starved for variety in Whitefish MT. 

We ordered some mint juleps (not a menu option).  They missed the mark by a landslide.  Even an extra shot of bourbon failed to fix it.

But by and large a really great place to eat.  Staff was warm and friendly.  Food was really great.  They really are a vegetarian stronghold and we are glad to have had the opportunity to support them.  

Looking forward to our next visit.So my buddy who's a vegan asks me to go to the coup with him and immediately I'm terrified I might die or get kidnapped. Maybe there's a machine that doesn't let you leave until you're vegan. 

This did not happen. I liked meat and I still like meat. But the coup was AWESOME. It was delicious, and the vibe of the whole place was awesome. 

Will for sure come back :)My friend suggested meeting up at The Coup for a midweek "business lunch."  

As usual, I did some recon, and checked out the Yelp! reviews to get a sense of what to expect.  

After doing so, it sounded like meeting here for lunch during the work week might prove overly optimistic.  There were many comments about limited seating and long table wait times.   That's not what I'm looking for when trying to avoid my co-workers eye-rolling when returning from lunch "sometime" in the afternoon.

Well, I'm happy to report, I was pleasantly surprised.

We got there around 12:15--not a confidence inspiring time to begin with- and indeed the place was fully occupied.  One more group was waiting ahead of us.

Our first thought was "Good luck - everyone just got here, so the whole hour will be shot."

Not so.  The turnover was decent, with some people already finishing lunch.  The wait was roughly 10 minutes.  We were then seated by a very pleasant waitress, who continued to impress the whole meal.

I'm not a vegetarian... I'm not "anything" per say when it comes to food, other than I generally try to eat food that is:  a) delicious, and b) will not kill me prematurely. 

That being said, just because a meal lacks animal muscle does not mean it's "good for you."  There are plenty of fat-laden, heart-stopping vegetarian dishes served in restaurants.  

Here?  Maybe one or two (see the brie / caramelized onion Panini), but overall, pretty decent choices for a healthy lunch.

I opted for the frittata and a salad.  

The overall portion size was perfect for lunch, and flavor-wise quite satisfying.  I appreciated the frittata being complemented by chunks of sweet yam to mix it up a bit, while adding some contrast.  Where other restaurants may have loaded it up with sodium to make it taste good, here they opted for more diverse and healthy flavors.  Some may call that bland, I call it intelligent.

The service was great, from the moment I walked in the door.  It was attentive, without being annoying (after all, this was a "business lunch," and there were things we needed to discuss).   The smaller size of the restaurant also made it more conducive to conversation.

Will I go back?  For sure.  It's now on my list for places to return.My brother and I are having a vegan week and made sure to hit up The Coup.  It's early in our week, but I already know that going here will be a highlight.  

I had the Enchanted Stack (portabello mushroom, wheat berries, roasted red pepper puree, sauteed greens and shallots, curried walnut pate & sprouts on a bed of greens).

My meal was hearty and delicious but, on top of this, the staff were really great.  They were earnestly friendly, answered our questions well, and gave us just the right amount of attention.

The big downside of The Coup is that it can be really hard to get in.  A table for two at 6 PM on a week night can mean a 45 minute wait.  Today we showed up a few minutes before 5 PM and there was already a patio full of people waiting for the restaurant to open.  We easily got a table but the place was nearly full fifteen minutes later.

I like this restaurant but usually don't consider it because I know I won't get in.What a nice place!  Had the ramen noodles - amazing taste and perfect serving size. Chocolate torte was heavy but delicious. Coconut chai latte heavenly!Coup De Grace - Who would've thought you could have such high quality and well prepared vegetarian fare in the meat locker of Calgary? The menu offers a nice variety of selections, even with deference to celiacs. Their paradigm of sourcing locally and organically should be applauded, and their philosophy of contributing back to the community is tremendous. Extraordinarily lengthy, creative, and  extensive drink menu. Cashews in the patty of the veggie burger; incredibly tasty! I suppose it's a function of its success and popularity, but it's not easy to get a table and, at times, the food is a little slow coming out of the kitchen. The wait, however, is worth it!An upscale vegetarian restaurant with full bar is cool - not many of those... The food was good. I'm not a vegetarian - maybe among vegetarians it's a standout. I felt the prices were a bit high given the ingredients.

I had the Dragon bowl with quinoa and sesame-nori dressing. The dressing was mild - I'd have liked stronger flavor (those who love sesame and seaweed know what I'm talking about). The vegetables were a nice mix and cooked just right. I left nothing behind. The waitstaff were friendly and professional. They let me take my time even though the place was starting to get busy on Friday night. Not too hip as folks have stated, not unhip - just about right.

The final word - I'd recommend the Coup. Maybe not to a crowd of carnivore-types, but for those wanting a back to the earth flavor and willing to go without meat - it's sure to please.I've never heard of The Coup until my sista brought me here for brunch on a Saturday morning. We were in luck - no line (unheard of for Saturday brunch in Calgary) but we were seated promptly and able to order right away.

They have an outdoor patio with a few chairs for people to sit and people watch but it was still on the cool side, so no one was eating outside just yet. The interior is super slick - open air, modern and gives off a cool, hipster hippie vibe without trying too hard to impress. Me likey.

My sis has been here multiple times so I let her do the ordering. Let the experts do their thaaaang.

- 2x Bubbles & fresh squeeze ($10.50) - 5 oz carafe of fresh squeeze organic orange juice,  1/2 oz elderflower liquere, peach bitters, and 5 oz prosecco. Essentially, a mimosa to brighten up your morning! Fresh, bubbly, and refreshing. Although on the expensive side, to say the least.
- Falafel quesadilla ($15.50) with brown rice tortilla ($1.50) - falafel, hummus, tahini, sundried tomatoes, sheep feta, cabbage, carrots, pickles, black olives, and banana peppers grilled in a sprouted tortilla and served with tzatziki. My sis and I both shared our dishes. The tortilla had a satisfying crunch to it. Add a bit of both sauces to the quesadilla and you're good to go.  
- El sombrero ($15.00) with brown rice tortilla ($1.50) - 2 smoked tofu with seasonal greens, spiced black beans, sundried tomato, red onion, mushroom and avocado grilled on a sprouted tortilla, with sprouts, tomato jam and garlic aioli served with rosemary hashbrowns and choice of soup or salad. We went with the daily soup (they put it on the quesadilla plate), a roasted red pepper, which was light, creamy and healthy. I never use beans when I make my sandwiches, genius! The hashbrowns could have been crispier. It was lacking some flavour.
- Chocolate torte ($9.00) - made with a chickpea brownie crust and mousse top served with seasonal preserves. This was really, really good. I'm not the biggest chocolate dessert fan but the mousse with the sauce (tasted like a currant compote) was match made in heaven. We were going to pack half of it for later but ended up eating it all, oops.

The Coup is a cool spot to catch up with friends and/or to bring a date along. The service is friendly, the food is vegetarian (think local, organic, gluten and vegan friendly) and the cozy, relaxed atmosphere makes me actually want to recommend a vegan restaurant for once. Shocker, I know.Absolutely love this place! My roommate and I try to make a habit of going every Sunday. Even if you're not vegan or vegetarian (like myself) its an excellent spot for lunch, dinner or just cocktails with friends ( I highly recommend the "fruit of the loom"!!!). If you're hesitant about trying this spot DON'T BE. Every Sunday I wonder why we didn't start going to Coup years ago. Support local, support organic, support Coup.Delicious vegetarian food, friendly service and a good selection of local beers. I will be coming back.Calgary is limited when it comes to vegan restaurants. This place is alright.  The service is awesome as the staff make sure that you are happy from the moment you arrive to when you leave.  Service is top notch.  Food is hit and miss. Some dishes are great like the Beet Nuts, Lemon Square for dessert, Little bean Appetizer and Greek Goddess.  Was not a fan of the Dragon Bowl, Hot Pot or their signature cocktails.  I've had great vegan and vegetarian and if this place were in LA, NYC or Vancouver, it would be out of business fast.So it was my boyfriend and I's first time at The Coup last night and we were super excited to try this place because of the rave reviews. 

When we first got in the girl that sat us down was really kind, told us the drinks of the day, we felt welcomed... well... until we met our server. This tall blonde girl, don't remember her name maybe she didn't even tell us who knows but she had the worse attitude ever didn't even give us any info about the menu. 

When I ordered the upstream burger (which was delicious) I asked her if it was all vegan and she answered "Yes" with a very rude tone like I should know? On the menu it specifically tells you to tell the server if you are vegan or have any special requests so why is she acting like I'm an idiot when the menu tells me to tell the server. Maybe you shouldn't be a server if you can't handle a simple question without being rude. Again the MENU tells me to TELL YOU...

My boyfriend ordered the tempeh shawarma, we both tried it and didn't think it was anything special, tasted more like a Korean wrap that needed more flavour. Also a tip: if anyone wants a dipping sauce, they are huge so you can get different sauces and just share. It would have been helpful if our server actually said something especially when we both ordered the same sauce for $2 each. 

When we were finished our meal she finally came back after 20 mins with the dessert menu and to order the dessert we waited an extra 10-15 mins and decided to just take it to go. BTW we were there between 9-10 pm, it wasn't even busy, the rush was gone and what was she doing? just drinking and talking to her coworkers, being rude to her paying customers and not giving a shoot? even my boyfriend was annoyed and he doesn't get mad or annoyed easily. 

Very disappointed with the service, while food was good, will I try this place again? Based on our first experience with the service, no... It confuses me how they have such good reviews, maybe we just went on a bad day and time, having that terrible server which saddens me because I want to try more dishes, but just because of her we don't ever want to go back and have that possibly happening again. It was extremely frustrating and awkward and it wasn't like we were bad or rude customers, in fact we were so polite and even tipped when she clearly did not deserve it and the food was overpriced for what you get.Amazing place. My fiance and I tried the "vegan" lifestyle for a while and tried this place out. It tastes no different then any other food, it didn't even taste vegan, it was amazing especially if your new to being vegan. The drinks were awesome! Great menu and great drink menu. The staff is super friendly, we even asked what her favorite was and went with it, WOW. Great food all around. Give this place a try vegan or not!!Yum yum yum! Came here for dinner and had the banh mi sandwich. It is to die for!!! This place has an awesome vibe and food to match. Can't wait to go back!The Coup is always a pleasure! 

From working there, to dj'ing there to eating and sleeping there LOL. I tell as many as I can about this wonderful little treasure in the heart of cow town ... and I am excited to check out the new lounge that they recently opened... "Big Props" to you girls and love!

\m/^.^\m/My go-to for delicious vegetarian food, which can be somewhat hard to find in Calgary. Even my meat-eating boyfriend really enjoys the place. The service is friendly and warm, the prices aren't bad and the atmosphere is nice.  I particularly love the peanut satay bowl.Still loving this place. Been multiple times since they renovated and I think they just keep getting better. Food is incredible, even for non-veg friends. So fresh, delicious, great options. Service is stellar. Great atmosphere. Keep up the good work!You have to get the ramen (I think it's called rhymin and ramen) and the peanut satay bowl! Omg amazing. They have really delicious drinks too, alcoholic and non alcoholicBest Sunday morning breakfast in Calgary (IMO)... Super healthy and tasty, you don't even notice it is vegetarian!

It is also very small. So don't tell those fools waiting in line for a pile of bland at Nelly's, or I will no longer be able to get in...Great to have a menu full vegetarian and vegan items but I found it rather greasy and salty for a restaurant I was hoping would be a healthier option.Their vegan shawarma and cauliflower wings are delishio......nom nom...and the servers are sweeties....EAT THERE!!!!! NAMASTE XOReally, truly some of the worst food I have ever eaten in my life.  I'm normally a huge fan of vegan and vegetarian food but this meal made me want to go back to eating meat. The entire meal tasted like cardboard cooked in more cardboard and then topped with even more cardboard.  The only saving grace was that our server seemed to genuinely want to make or evening as enjoyable as possible and went out of her way to try to repair the damage to our evening that the food had done.  I understand that when you are cooking vegan food you can be some what limited in your choice of ingredients but even by vegan standards this was pretty tasteless and bland.Décor - 5/5
Service - 4/5
Food - 3/5
Price - 2/5

If I could give it 3.5 stars, this would be 3.5 stars based on the above criteria. As one of the only vegetarian/vegan restaurants in Calgary, the Coup satisfies with its innovative and creative spins on veg based foods. High on flavor, they manage to make even plant burgers juicy and veggie hot pot's rich and nourishing. While this is a great thing, I also struggle slightly with how oily some items are. I get that there is a struggle to make vegan cuisine more inclusive for all diets but when I go for healthy, clean vegan, I want just that. Still, The Coup does deliver on having much healthier options than most restaurants in Calgary and you COULD choose a salad instead of the hotpot (but where is the fun in that?!).  Price wise, it is slightly high especially when you're ordering a sandwich with a couple strips of tempeh. But again, it is one of the few vegan restaurants in Calgary and in a very prime location, so I guess that justifies the cost. Despite the price though, I would still and have kept coming back.The Coup is on a steep decline. What was once a restaurant with decent, flavourful food is becoming a pale imitator of its past self, and hopefully they can turn themselves around before it's too late. Let's start with ambience. Poor lighting, very loud, uncomfortable seating, stuffy atmosphere. The past few times I've been, I've actually had to step outside to breathe. Also, why is the water they bring to the table always warm? 

Anyways, here's a review of several items on the menu.

$6 Vinegar shots: Why?

Rosemary yam fries (+ tahini miso gravy): They love yam. Not my preference because of the sweetness, but they're decent enough as far as yam fries go. What is up with the tahini miso gravy? It is extremely bitter. I can fully guarantee that they used the "health food" tahini instead of real Middle Eastern tahini, because the notes of sesame taste so unpleasant and off. It does not taste like the (far superior) miso gravy at Vancouver's Naam, so if you're expecting anything remotely similar, or even just comparably enjoyable, you'll be disappointed.

Organic rainbow greens: Last time I ordered this, the greens were going bad. A vegetarian restaurant should not have bad salads. 

Tempeh shawarma: The only good item on the menu. It's a bit harder to eat now that they've switched from using a tortilla to the laffa bread, but it's a balanced, vibrantly flavoured, filling dish. 

Upstream burger: More yam abuse. This veggie burger does not stay together! So messy, cloyingly sweet, and they do not skimp on the mayo. If you encountered an alien who didn't speak English and you had 30 seconds to try to define a veggie burger to them, this is what they'd come up with. It's not enjoyable to eat. 

Flowers, Blossoms, and Petals (this is what they've decided to call a vegan cheesecake): Cheesecake as made by someone who's never tried cheesecake. Well-plated, but grainy, dry, and bland. This is what happens when you orient all of your recipes around their instagram potential: it looks great, but it's a chore to eat. 

Chia-Cactus Soother: Cloyingly sweet. Cut the sugar in half, and then we can talk.

Orange juice: is $6.75.

Tea: is $4.75.

Latte: is $6.50.

DRIP COFFEE: is $3.50.

Don't bother with any of the attempts at food from Asian cuisines, because it's all bland, lifeless, and unsatisfying. Go to a veg-friendly Chinese, Japanese, Thai, or Vietnamese restaurant instead.

If you're looking for quality vegetarian or vegan food, you'd be better off going to Tamarind, Veg-In YYC, Heart's Choices, Ten Foot Henry (though not entirely vegetarian), or one of Calgary's many international restaurants. As a vegetarian of 11 years, please, stop making us look bad.When I first moved to Calgary I was quite scared that I would not be able to find any Vegan/Vegetarian restaurants. During my hunt I found "The Coup". Although their no reservations policy can seem to be slightly annoying at first, I've come to realise it's now my favourite system; It gives you a chance to 'try out' a restaurant without any real commitment, if you walk in take a look around and aren't really feeling it, you can leave without feeling like you're forced to take a table and stay.

The Coup has been one of the better food experiences I've had in Calgary and have returned multiple times.

I had the flatbread the first time I was there, it was absolutely delicious! All in all I don't feel like it's really expensive whatsoever, but then again I do have a very different view of expensive than most people :P

I would and have been recommending The Coup to everyone I know, it's an awesome place to go, and a great introduction to vegetarian food if you haven't made the leap to try it before.As a vegetarian I love trying any vegan/vegetarian restaurant when I travel or am in my own city- Calgary.  I hadn't been back to the Coup in about 7 years because it was not good when I first went.  Sadly I still don't think it's great.  Everything sounds good but isn't executed properly. The decor is very nice with a living wall of herbs and a hippy laid back vibe. I tried 3 dishes. 1: the messy jessy - potatoes, sun dried tomatoes, smoked tofu with a miso gravy.  It was decent but there was WAY to much miso gravy which made it incredibly salty- instant BP booster;)  2: The poached which is their version of eggs benny. I liked that it was on a biscuit and the pumpkin pesto sounded neat however there was an overpowering taste of goat cheese!!! BAAAAAD  3: the vegan broccoli cheddar soup.  I'm not sure if the server had the name of the soup wrong but there was no broccoli.. anywhere. It was bland and borrrrrring.  Once again I'm disappointed in the veggie options compared to other cities who really know how to execute this style of cooking. It may be another 7 years before my return.I'm usually a carnivore but this restaurant is fantastic. I ordered the curry bowl special and it was to die for.Ok - this restaurant is clearly for card carrying, hempwearing, granola eating, treehugging hippies - and I mean this with all the love and respect I have being from Victoria :)  
Are you celiec ? Vegetarian perhaps ? How about lactose intolerant ?? This is the spot for you !!!! 
The food is delicious, for what it is - no doubt about it but the truth of the matter is I like meat.......especially pork and to enjoy a brunch without some kind of pork product isn't really brunch in my book but since I was dining with a dear friend who is in fact celiac and Lactose I was happy to indulge her, let me not forget to mention that she is also pregnant - I really do have a heart of gold !
They also have a selection of organic wines, it'll do for me in a pinch.Great for lunch/brunch!  Great service and coffeeFood was good. Awful service. Got seated in the back close to the kitchen, sardines with other people in a very crowded fashion WHILE there were plenty of other nice open window seats available. This is stupid to not let people pick where they want to sit when you don't allow for reservations. Was hot, crowded and loud. Lastly server got two of our drink orders wrong.I have never been disappointed from their vegetarian menu, and in Calgary this is definitely as good as it gets for dining out for the Vegetarian. Incredible flavours and a variety of menu items/ingredients that could make any meat eater into a vegetarian! A great drink menu/bar and desserts. You will usually have to wait in order to get a seat!Awesome time! The service is top notch, the food really hit the mark (and I'm no vegetarian), the ambiance is unique! We will be going back for sure.Overall, I was a bit underwhelmed by The Coup.  I was really looking forward to eating there, and while nothing was bad, nothing was great either.  Three of us dined together.  We started with the 'field trip', which is a bit of salad with 4 diff dips/spreads and cuc and flatbread for dipping.  Was overall pretty good, but the one spread was super salty and I didn't think there was quite enough flatbread for the amount of spreads.  It was very filling appy though, in fact I could not eat much of my main after munching away on a fair bit of it.  
I had the 'upstream burger' with soup for din.  I didn't care much for the soup.  As for the burger, the patty was more like the texture of a pate.  When I squished the burger together to eat it, the 'patty' completely disintegrated and spread out.  I didn't mind that, but it certainly wasn't what I was expecting from a burger.  It was good, but again, not great.  That was also the sentiment of my dining companions, who ordered the 'falafel quesadillas' (though there was too much feta, as that completely dominated the taste of the quesadilla) and 'dijon de sean' pasta (was not all that fond of this dish overall).  
For a drink, I had the bergamot lemon thyme iced tea, which was delish, though I thought it was overpriced at $5.25.  I mean come on, my dining companions got beers which were about $1 more and were a fair bit larger than my iced tea.  
I certainly wouldn't refuse to return, but I won't be hurrying back.This review is for "Meet" only.

Good drinks, albeit a bit pricey. Couch arrangement is nice, but people seem to "hog" the space a bit which I thought was strange. I mean, if you see a group of friends sitting down with one left standing or bringing over a very high stool since there is nowhere to sit, isn't it common sense to move over, especially, when you and your gf are taking up the entire bench?

Anyway, I can't really blame that on the place.

Enjoyed the free snacks, too. Loved the decor. Quite similar to Una. 

Did not see the bathrooms here. Next time, I would definitely dine here over Una, however!Never disappointed here. 
Their recipe book is also bomb! 
Also, they were super accommodating when we ordered desserts for our wedding.I don't have a whole lot to say about the entire menu as I've only eaten here once, and that was for breakfast.  All I can say is that I frequently daydream about those buckwheat crepes with banana coconut butter known as the "French Canadian", while being stuck with the knowledge that I live 5 1/2 hours away.  First impression was incredibly strong.Excellent service, ambience, and quality of food. Their cheesecake is to die for So happy we found this place on our trip to the stampede!As a vegan who moved to Vancouver from Calgary as soon as I could (age 18), I never thought I'd find a place as hip and conscious as The Coup in Calgary. I'm so glad this place is here. It's a place I can go for a meal with my friends when I go home to visit my family. It's in a great location and the food, while not cheap, is reasonable and delicious.

I understand the complaints that some people have about The Coup. I guess part of the reason I love it so much is that it's a bastion of food consciousness in the middle of beef-land, so when I visit, I hear angels sing - the food could be half as good and I'd still go.

If memory serves me correctly, the Messy Janes are a delicious breakfast option. I really like the miso gravy they serve at this place. Can't wait for my annual Coup trip this week!The four of us checked this place out, on a recent trip to Calgary, for the ScotiaBank marathon and wow!  ...We all (even the two meat-eating hubbies) enjoyed it.  ...Had great food and service and the place was hoppin'!
I'd wish we'd returned for a second round after a disappointing, not to mention expen$ive experience at the River Cafe in Prince Island Park.  The setting was beautiful at River Cafe, but super-dissatisfying for a vegetarian.  ...If we ever visit Calgary again I'll for sure head back to The Coup!I'm glad the the Coup exists, and that it's been able to survive for almost 7 years now, especially in an area that has seen the rise and fall of many other restaurants.

But to me, the Coup is just okay. And "just okay" isn't a bad thing. It just means I don't think it's the greatest. There are many places now in Calgary that, while aren't a completely vegetarian restaurant, are happy to accomodate a vegan lifestyle. If you don't believe me, you can check out my list that has almost 125 restaurants on it. 

What it's great for is accommodating not just a vegan lifestyle, but dietary restrictions (I have several friends that can't have dairy, and others that have gluten allergies) and sensitivities. The staff is well-versed on what is and what isn't in the entrees, so you can order something and not be worried that you're going to get surprise whipped egg sauce.

I had their Upstream burger served in a brown rice tortilla, since I can't have their focaccia. It was nice, but rich and heavy. Even served inside a thin tortilla, so I can't imagine how much more lead-balloon-y I would've felt if the burger had been served with the standard bread. A tomato slice or even some ketchup would've done wonders for it. Also, when I bit in to one side, all I got was a huge mouthful of vegan aioli. 

It was served with their soup of the day, which I liked better. It was a cozy, hearty bowl of lentil soup where the lentils were still intact and gave the broth a warm, nutty flavor. 

My friend had their peanut satay noodle bowl, but could barely get through it because it was overloaded with way too much sauce and way too many peanuts. Restraint, chef! You could've served the noodle bowl with a plate of crackers for dipping in to the sauce, that's how much there was.

So, hit and miss. If I could rate them 3.5 stars I would, because I did appreciate the friendly and prompt service. And I do like that Meet is across the room, and you can order drinks and appetizers while you wait for a table. But at the end of the day, I'm there for the food, and the food is just okay for me.I think I went in expecting crazy things, and this place gets a 3 because I did not get crazy things! :(

Atmosphere was okay. Once again, expected something a tad bit different.

We ordered the sundried tomato hummus to share.. It was a huge portion with some giant crackers and tasty bread. The bread was great, but the hummus was a tad underwhelming. I like my hummus moist and creamy and garlicky. This one was dry and not really very creamy or garlicky. Ah.

I ordered the Enchanted Stack for my main meal. It was once again... underwhelming. Came with a tiny salad which mainly consisted of greens and something orange on top. The wheat berries in my 'enchanted stack' was some sort of a grain with not much going on in there that interested me. It wasnt bad, but it wasnt something I would order again either. I ate as much as I could and took the rest to go because I hate wasting food. I had bites of my friends' dishes: Greek Goddess and the Dragon Bowl. Both were very good. I think if I visit the Coup again, I would order the Dragon Bowl.

However, I must be impartial here and not give in to the crowd's echoing.. I would be WAY more inclined towards going for the Buddha Bowl at another establishment downtown that does vegetarian fare better, in my humble opinion.Since this is my daughters last day in Calgary, we wanted to grab a healthy, fresh tasting lunch from one of the great and eclectic dining spots in Calgary.   Of course as a foodie that considers herself a yelpster (yep me) I had my daughter get on Yelp and search for a spot around 17th street since I had something to do over here after...
The COUP fit the bill and wow am I beyond thrilled she found this place!
I am not a vegetarian, but am trying to ween myself from eating meat in an effort to make this a lifestyle choice.
Food 5/5
Service 5/5
Price 5/5- caveat is that it's a bit costly but 
I expect to pay more for fresh organic food....
My salad was pure fresh goodness with a maple balsamic dressing that was light and tasty and seeds in the salad that added a great crunch (and protein)
She had the Bun Me - a Vietnamese inspired sandwhich that looked amazing and tasted even better.
The only thing I can say is sign me up for more, I plan to make this place a regular on my dining out list!!This place is so great. The atmosphere is very welcoming and cozy. service is awesome food and drinks are amazing!! I tried the falafel quesadilla -it was so nutritious and delicious (:  everything is made with good ingredients. I'll definitely be back to try everything elseFinally, a place where I can order tasty food from the menu without asking about what's in the salad dressing or whether they put surprise bacon on things, or can I have this but without the that... Plus they have a great menu, and good beer. No taps, that's my only suggestion for improvement. Great vibe, comfy, friendly staff. 

It's not super cheap but it's prepared by people who take food seriously. Good tasting food with great presentation is worth more than a crappy sandwich or burger prepared by wage slaves imported from a Third World country by an owner who doesn't want to pay his staff the going rate.THE COUP. I like you, from the bottom of somewhere where my heart is supposed to be. I've never been to a place, whose decor, vibe, and attitude can be generally described as blanket freshly pulled from the dryer.

Wow, what a way to begin an review...this is why they invented bullies :S

But no joking, there's a plethora why people always flock back to THE COUP. I really love their lounge and the intimate seating they have. Once in a while they have a DJ playing a soft mix and makes conversation (or in the case you hang out with a dubious friend...ARGUMENTS and PETTY BICKERING) pleasant. Oddly enough their dining room is more bustling. They generously fit as much tables as they can there to make sure everyone gets a chance to sit down without elbowing their neighbors. Their servers must be part time dancers because there's no way a big galoot like me can more around those small aisles with food in my hand. Also they're the most charming conversationalist.

My last two visits here the food was amazing. I had their popular yam burger with salad which was so GUD I constantly told people around me to "Shut their whistle makers" while I enjoyed my amaze-which. Recently I tried their daily special which was a gnochi concoction that didn't fail to live up to it's momentary hype. You know a special is "SPECIAL" when you see them bringing it out constantly to tables around you. What did it taste like you ask? It tasted like "you should should up and go find out for yourself" is what it tasted like! Finally I think I found my comfort dish here in the form of their quinoa (pronounced QQQUEEEEEEEENWAAAA) basked in their green coconut curry sauce. Every spoonful I bit into made made me chuckle like a fat baby on a high chair.

I'm somewhat reserved on their cocktails. A little expensive for my taste even though it isn't much different compared to other cocktail joints along 17th. They do have funny names but I think I'll stick to my beer :)The only reason it isn't 5 star is honestly the price. The portion size and taste are quite remarkable. I got the savoury mushroom, it was basically a waffle with mushrooms on top. Sounds strange but it was delicious. It got very busy, but that's understandable. I did like that they had vegan and non vegan choices as 2 of the 4 people in our party were not vegan so it was very inclusive.The Coup has been a favourite restaurant since the day it opened, and I try to visit at least once a month. I was very excited to hear they were renovating last year, and the dream of hosting my wedding rehearsal dinner (and therefore, subjecting all of my friends and family to a strictly vegetarian meal!) became a reality. 

The servers are always pleasant, and while the food sometimes takes longer than expected, it is always delicious. I love sharing the sangria, and the thai pizza is amazing. 

The seating can sometimes be a little cramped between tables, and the music sometimes too loud to hold decent conversations around the table, but I don't let that deter me!While we are not vegan, we try to eat vegetarian a few times per week.   This review will cover off my last 2 visits - one for myself / my partner and another with family visiting from the USA.

Visit 1: Dinner // 

a. it is a busy spot, so be prepared to wait
b. the cocktails are quite creative, and worth a shot
c. the portions were generous
d. we didn't make it to dessert, but wanted to
e. their cookbook makes an excellent gift for the budding vegan chef in your life

Visit 2: Brunch

a. they have a ginger pear cider which I could (and might) have every day
b. they have these amazing waffles (one was savory, the other sweet) and yes, we had both.  
c. truffles in honey, sounds strange - but is amazing
d. super accommodating for my 5 year old nephew
e. they let us take a cider to go! 
f. my family was super impressed and visited another day during their trip.

so, why have you not visited this spot yet?the food was pretty good (4). the service was PAINFULLY SLOW (2) however I agree with everyone else that this is a nice addition to the calgary vegetarian scene, not that I'm vegetarian, but it's nice to try something else for a change!Tried this place out for the first time tonight after walking past it for years. The food itself was delcious, good mix of flavours. However the dersert we had was the best part. I would rather say thay about the main dinner than the desert it self. The place is decked out a little pretentious but overall if your looking for a different place to eat I'd recommend here.First time coming here with a friend and it was a shit experience. We had no clue it wasn't self serve so we just sat at an open table. One of the waiters there said something along the lines, "You do know this isn't self serve so you can't just find yourself a table.". Again, this was our FIRST time coming so we had no clue. 

I ordered a cappuccino and when it came, it was fucking disgusting. Bitter as fuck, no taste to it at all. It seemed like it was poorly done. My friend also got a hot drink and hers was very bitter and had no taste to it at all. We asked for sugar so we could add more flavour to it and the waiter rudely and sarcastically asked "Have you even had a cappuccino before?" Complete waste of money.  

Never coming to this place again. I'd recommend going to Heart's Choices. That is the best veg restaurant I have ever been to in Calgary and atleast people there are warm and welcome. :-)Whenever I go back to Cowtown, and my people ask me what I want to do while there - going here is one of the top places on my list. I love everything about this restaurant - the decor, the food, the fresh veggie drinks, the chai, the music, the service.  Everything on the menu I have ever had was a hit with me.  What more do you need?

Once, when I went temporarily insane and did a 3 week cleanse, this was the ONLY place that was able to accommodate my very very (very) limited food choices - and worked hard to make it taste fantastic. The Coup was the silver lining to a dark cloud, if you will.The level of thoroughness and sophistication in the food makes it one of the best restaurants I've been to in Alberta the past week. They source their ingredients locally and fresh, making for tasteful and responsibly-made food. Also, their juices, teas, and lattes had lots of non-dairy flexibility (the almond milk iced chai latte was unbelievable!!) and a wide range of unique options for everyone.

Personally, my favorite thing about this restaurant is the extent of its environmental awareness about its ingredients, to-go packaging, waste (even their receipts and menus), and energy use, AND they devote a portion of their profit to feeding healthy food to people in need.  

Overall, if I lived here in Calgary, I'd either work here or come here way too much for my breakfast, lunch, and dinner.Overall, I find this restaurant a mixed-bag and I rarely think of going here for lunch.

The service is spotty to mediocre... and sometimes rude.

The menu is uninspired and decidedly old-school vegetarian.  Nothing new here.

Meh.Everyone there is a total hippie. If you're into innovative vegetarian creations, this is the place you gotta eat. Awesome various of classic food with a very vegetarian twist. Drinks are beautiful, had the pesto power pizza, talk about amazing! Overall awesome atmosphere too, can feel like you in a astral paradise.Wonderful! Excellent service, high quality ingredients and simply delicious dishes. I will from this point on be adding cardamom to my hot apple cider :)

Great spot to eat for vegans visiting Calgary and I will definitely be back for more.The dishes are hit and miss I find. I would recommend NOT getting the satay with peanut sauce, it's too sweet and actually tastes like pure peanut butter without any complex flavors. However, you can definitely find some healthy choices here as well as gluten free options.  Drinks are quite expensive but there are some interesting choices they offer.Fantastic spot!

Very exciting and delicious flavour combinations. Even if you aren't a vegetarian I would highly recommend this place.

Decor is also really cute. Really like this place for a great meal or just something lite and healthy.

Patio is great for people watching in the summer.Sweet potato wedges to start - delicious!

My meal was also delicious, and cleanse friendly! I was on the Wild Rose cleanse and was able to find a dish that fit perfectly, and it was delicious. My friend is celiac and vegetarian and they she had no problem either, substituting the penne in her dish for gluten-free pasta. 

Service was great too - our waitress was really helpful with our diet restrictions.5 stars for a vegetarian restaurant in cattle country is terribly hard to achieve, but The Coup really deserves it. They serve wholesome, vegan/vegetarian options that are filling and well priced. The space is tiny, but it's worth it. Bonus points for buying as much local produce as possible. 

Now they serve breakfast, lunch and dinner, and some of the desserts are vegan :)Tuesday at 5:30pm with a gf. Had a lovely waitress who explained their huge drink menu and was very good about assuring me which items are dairy free. We tried the tempeh sticks - tasty but not a huge fan of them. Texture thing in my part. I'd like to give the cauliflower appie a try next time.

Had a lovely bowl- coconut rice, eggplant peanut salad and mushrooms that looked like scallops. Presentation was beautiful and highest of marks on creativity!!! I'm not vegetarian but I enjoy a meatless meal about twice/week.  My gf had a quinoa veggie and tofu bowl with adobo sauce which she loved. We were so full but I could not resist the lime coconut cashew square- which is actually round haha! Brought it home and devoured it on my own. It was tart in flavour, light like a mousse and decadently rich from the nuts. Wow, great job!!! I will be back to try more items!!! I don't know if there are more veggie places in town but this is hard to beat!The food is very unique but the restaurant is very small . When me and my significant other came in for a date the place was super packed making it hard for us to get a table plus it was very chilly outside so we were stuck at the front of the restaurant freezing and squished between larger groups of people. We got seated against a wall next to a large group of people so it was difficult to have a conversation cause the people were so close to us. The food overall was a bit pricy but with fresh food that makes sense. My favourite thing from here is the cauliflower BBQ wings it tastes just like chicken expect healthier. I got a pita wrap which was okay but not amazing the flavours were lacking but the service was really nice , staff are friendly. I would recommend this place if you are vegan because they have all the options for you , only thing to remember is to call in to book a table before hand it gets busy around 5-8pm. In regards to parking they have a 2hr parking lot outside free and there is also parking around 17ave which is free on weekends.The Coup is a City Gem and a Vegetarians dream Cafe/restaurant. 

For starters they change the menu frequently- so if you have a favourite 1 night... your lucky if they make it again. I find placing request and comments makes it a reoccurring meal.  The waitress' are always fashionable in artsy boho style, and most importantly they smile and are very friendly.  Every time I have been there the place is sardines with (odd paring of people) hungry yuppies,  vegans and  groups of families who assume they might have at least 1 dish with meat and look utterly disappointed when Hummus and Tofu are served in their meal. Funny thing is once they try the food- they instantly look pleased.

The style of the restaurant is welcoming, artsy, simple and yet presents some edge with the funky lights and Indie music. The dishes are delicious, and I recommend anyone and everyone to try The Coup.This is a great vegetarian restaurant near downtown Calgary. I'm not vegetarian but I really enjoyed all of the fresh veggie full options! I tried the eggs benedict with roasted potatoes and homemade ketchup. It was very filling and a nice brunch spot to meet up with friends.First visit in many years because they don't take reservations. It was a late brunch so we got a table right away facing windows (nice). When I saw that the chai latte was $6.25 should have bolted right then and there. Got the rooibos tea for $4.25. Again pricey. Very average traditional breakfast for $15. Two poached eggs cooked perfect, interesting king mushroom bacon (I liked, my friend did not appreciate), potatoes tasty enough but nothing special, and the worst dry and hard beans as a side. $25 each with tax and 20% tip. Too rich for average. Sorry I wasted my Sunday. Won't be back with too many other great spots for brunch. Servers were attentive and fine.Hello Yelp Readers,

Always walk by this place as it is close to my apartment, have tried to eat there in the past but since they don't take reservations it always has a wait and now I see why.

This place is awesome. Went there to eat dinner on a Sunday night, had a few drinks in their lounge first, which has a cool atmosphere and is very comfortable. 

There staff is very helpful and quite attractive (if your into that sort of thing). Also there food was awesome. I had the fettuccine special myself which was cooked perfectly while my companion had the Dragon bowl, which I will be ordering the next time I go.

Cool Vibe
HOT and friendly staff
Great food
Only 1 really bohemian looking fellow.

WIN WIN.

Thanks.The COUP is located on trendy 17th avenue SW right across from the new luxury George condos and they're a vegetarian restaurant with an intimate atmosphere that serves fresh, whole, organic and local drink and food.

They've been around for a while but I haven't really had a reason to visit. I've heard good things but I love my meat. Recently, some friends on different occasions have been telling me they want to cut down on meat or even cut it out completely...I found it to be odd that within 1 week, 4 friends have mentioned this to me and I thought to myself "WHAT'S GOING ON, YA'LL CRAY!!!!!!!!" Anyway, out of the 4 friends, one was my BFF and her birthday happen to be right around the corner so we decided to try The Coup. 

It was a Wednesday just after 6PM - we got a parking spot right in front of the resto on the street for free. When we entered, we were greeted right away and sat at the two top literally right beside the entrance. Initially I was a little bummed because there was another side that seem to be more intimate and bumpin' but our seats were fine. I couldn't scope out much of the restaurant but there was an open concept bar right when you enter. Our server quickly gave us menus and brought a glass bottle of water. There was a feature special which was a quinoa and carrot burger with your choice of side. I couldn't make up my mind (as per usual) on what I wanted for a main, so we ordered a couple appies - eggplant sleeping bags and tandoori cauliflower wings which we were told is their best seller.

Our server was great, I asked for some recommendations because I wanted something sufficient so I wouldn't leave hungry but nothing seemed to stand out for me. Appetizers came quick and to be honest at first look I wasn't impressed with the eggplant sleeping bags because they were tiny! The eggplant sleeping bags is fresh herbs & spicy cashew pesto wrapped in grilled and chilled eggplant - they packed a lot of flavor in those tiny rolls, the cashew bits added some crunch which was nice - wouldn't order again though. The cauliflower 'wings' were super tasty - cauliflower rolled in chickpea flour, baked, sauced and served with a side of chermoula. The coating was super light and the sauce had Indian curry spices which was great. The chermoula is green sauce that's a blend of many different herbs and spices that was refreshing.

I FINALLY decided on my main and went the Magic Dragon Bowl which allowed me to 'choose my own adventure'. Choice of either: tofu, chickpeas, lentils then a base of organic wild rice or quinoa and lastly, the sauce: tahini miso topped with seeds or spicy almond topped with slivered almonds. All of this came with steamed and sautéed season vegetables and kale. I went with tofu, wild rice aaaaaaand AGAIN I couldn't make up my mind for the sauce so our server suggested have both on the side. BFF went with the featured special with soup.

Mains came out at a decent time and they looked awesome! BFF's burger was open faced with spring and micro greens on one pattie and the quinoa carrot burger with some kind of cheese, house made guacamole, cilantro and onions on the other pattie. The soup was spicy roasted red pepper.  My dragon bowl was in a huge ceramic bowl with the sauces on the side. The tahini miso sauce had a punch and was served cold while the spicy almond sauce was warm, oily but absolutely DELICIOUS - you have to give it a good stir but it naturally separates. It wasn't spicy at all, more of a satay paste...I could drink it. I'm so glad she brought out both because I was originally going to go with the tahini and I didn't love it - strong tahini flavor with the miso punch. The almond sauce went so well with my bowl, I was very impressed. Fresh sautéed vegetables with cubes of tofu and rice - YUM! BFF really enjoyed her burger, she mentioned it was moist, packed a lot of flavor and the guacamole really brought everything together. She wasn't a big fan of the soup as it was spicier than she anticipated. We finished with the woodland for dessert: maple graham cake layered with salted dark chocolate ganache, toasted house marshmallow, cherry bark, smoked birch-walnut caramel sap, balsam fir camp fire. Presentation was interesting, they had a little fire on the plate that naturally went out. It looked different than I envisioned - I didn't have any but BFF said that the texture was similar to a dense date bar and it was really rich. She liked it but she wouldn't order it again.

Overall, our experience was great! I didn't have high expectations but I was pleasantly surprised. Service was wonderful, attentive and very kind. Prices are reasonable. Food was really great, we found everything to be very well seasoned and sufficient for not having any meat. We left very satisfied and happy. I am now a BELIEVER that vegetarian food can be fun, hearty and tasty. I will return!I have a vegetarian restaurant to come to next time I'm in Calgary. Great menu, wonderful staff and service!! My meal was amazing.  Flavour packet in!!!! 
I'll be back.Interesting building in a great location. The large front windows/patio lets in ample light and let's you people watch if you're into that kind thing.
Being a confirmed carnivore, I was wary about trying a vegetarian restaurant, but I could tell that a lot of care had gone into the menu and preparation. Everything tasted really fresh and had some interesting flavors.

The only thing I didn't like was how close the tables were in the middle of the room. The table next to us was literally a couple inches from ours! I think they try to make this less obvious by blaring electro lounge music. I had to raise my voice and there was miscommunication throughout the meal. Other than that, great experience.

Oh, and if you get a chance, check out the chefs mustache. It's a thing of marvel and beauty.Visited this place while in transit to Banff national park. I was really impressed with the menu and sheer variety they had. For appetizers we got eggplant sleeping bags, it was such a delicious cold and refreshing appetizer. 
For the mains we got the kale-gary caeser (again, very fresh, the buckwheat crunch was amazing and the mushroom bacon was yummy too), falafel quesadillas (great idea and good execution, the dish ate well and was perfectly sized) and the greek goddess bowl (everything was cooked well and the meyer lemon provided the perfect tangy kick). 

The services was good too. I like that they grow mostly everything in house, minimize waste, use resuable stuff the most, plant trees and most importantly, portions are not so big that people cannot finish. Would come here for sure if I come to calgary or make a lot of these things for a dinner party I host !The first time I went, I was not a fan. It was a long wait, and the food tasted strange to me. 

The next time I went, however, I found I very much enjoyed the strangeness of the food. It's a nice step out of the ordinary.This place was delicious. We had appetizers in their cozy waiting space with blooming tea, and had a cozy booth in the restaurant where I had the special of vegan mac and cheese. Everything was piping hot and as fresh as can be. I like that they promote eating local and organic while giving a unique vegetarian dining experience.Omg. So so so good. I ordered the tempeh shawarma and I couldn't get enough! And their oyster mushroom bacon?!  so much flavour and aroma!!! It's to die for, seriously. Such a nice chill spot to catch up with my sister  beautiful decorations and awesome chill vibe, and all the waitresses and servers are so happy and polite :)Great spot! We went there for dinner tonight. Right away, the server came by with water and let us know what the special was. I hemmed and hawed over the menu for a while (so many amazing sounding dishes!) but I ultimately got an Iggy Pop to drink and the Komodo salad. 

The Iggy Pop was great! It's an elderberry drink and I just loved it. Very well mixed and just awesome. I probably could've had 10. The Komodo salad is a new favorite! The shredded carrots, cucumbers and greens were all very fresh. I have two points to make about this salad - number one, the tempeh croutons are great and number two, the dressing is maybe the best dressing of all time. I find tempeh very intimidating... Fermented soy honestly doesn't sound that yummy to me. However, the tempeh croutons are DELICIOUS. They are crispy on the outside and tender and delicious on the inside, with just the perfect amount of spice to make them zing. Now, let me tell you about that dressing. It's a spicy, creamy, almond dressing and it is just incredible. I could probably drink a glass of it. I could spread it on toast. I could dip french fries into it. Or pour it over anything. It is the best. I was very happy with this salad.

The only thing was the dessert. I had an ice cream sandwich and the Coup loses a point for it. The gelato was great, but the cookies were dry and tasted like beets. I like beets as much as the next person, but the cookies were kinda just like chalky beets. I've had baking that had incorporated beets without tasting only like beets, so you know, this could have been less beet-y, but the gelato was great! I would just get a different dessert next time.This is by far my favourite vegetarian restaurant in the city! always amazing food, great portions, and great customer service. 
The only setback is that the drinks are a little pricey.Great flavor and creative for the first vegetarian restaurant in Calgary.Traveled from the US to Canada, and stopped for dinner at The Coup. I really enjoyed each and every single dish I ordered, and wish I could try more of their menu...I love the coup! I'm a vegan & I'm thoroughly impressed with all of their vegan options! The service is amazing and the workers are very knowledgable!Great vegan food. Only been here for brunches but I have had great experiences every time.

I had the coup Monsieur which was fantastic. The only thing was that the maple smoked tofu was way too salty. Good thing I ordered hash browns to balance it out.

The ice cream with chocolate and corn pops was amazing. Double high fives for that one!!! :)Absolutely loved it here. The ambiance, music, food and service was all great. Servers joked with us and totally made it such a welcoming environment. I love when you step into a place and it feels like they're serving you from their own kitchen. 

I can't believe how delicious the veggie burger was! It was phenomenal! 

Also started off with the cauliflower wings. I've had these at a few places before and really enjoyed them! This was no different.

Chai latte was rich and delicious. We never needed to ask for out waters to be refilled because they kindly leave a bottle for people!

I would 10/10 recommend this place to friends!Vegan Charcuterie board: all amazing, great smoky flavors, great cheese, weird watermelon prosciutto but it works with the other contents of the board

Vegan hot pot: great thick broth with thick rice noodles, there is nothing about this dish I don't like 

Woodsomething s'more cake like thing: it comes with fire to create a campfire smell, and man, it is amazing, super esthetically pleasingwhat can i say? i still love this place. BEST coconut chai in the city bar none!Came here twice, both times was happy with the food. The drinks could use a little more tweaking. I ordered a bowl of deliciousness the second time and loved it. There was this coconut flavor in it and was just so soothing and good to eat. I haven't been back in a while, had to explore other restaurants. I'll be back next year though!Been here a few times, used to work nearby when it first opened and went there as soon as I got the chance. First time I went, I had the el taco. The waitress was really sweet, and the food was good, so I didn't mind too much that I was served warm water with my food. The next time I went I had the Dragon Bowl, and that quickly became my favorite thing to order there (I always get it with quinoa). 

Went another time with a group of friends, one of which was completely oblivious to it being a vegetarian restaurant. He ordered a Dragon Bowl without really looking at the menu, and then remarked that his chicken was kind of chewy. When I told him it was tofu, I got an "ohhhhhhh, that makes sense!" 

Pros: Friendly staff, fun decor and really delicious sauces to go with their fresh food.

Cons: As everyone's mentioned before, there's a bit of a wait and it's always packed. Also, I really wish they had other forms of veggie protein aside from tofu and quinoa. Other than that, I definitely recommend the Coup to everyone. Veggies and omnivores alike.It's nice to go to a nice spot with good healthy options.  I love the coconut chai latte too.  YumThis is one of my favourite restaurants of any kind in Calgary. I have tried almost the entire menu and loved every item. The features, drinks, brunch, lunch, and dinner are always amazing. It is a little pricey but I feel that the value of the food reflects it and I never regret paying to eat here. The service is fun and laid back and the atmosphere is sophisticated semi-casual. I was a vegetarian for several years which made this my favourite but for herbivores and meat-eaters alike this is a great restaurant! I won't stop coming ever!we stopped here for appetizers on our way to a show and the menu blew us away.  it's a vegetarian's dream to see all of these options.  the only sad part was that we only had time for one starter and then had to go.  can't wait to go back and have some of these entrees.  they all look amazing!Sweet Jesuit Priest do I ever love meat. I mean, I really love it. Eating the flesh of animals is my thing. Steaks, burgers, pork, chicken, emu, lobster, kangaroo, I don't care. I'll eat anything that used to breathe more often than not.

But every now and then I stow my carnivorous German roots away and decide to eat something that didn't once have a face. I've been to the Coup (and the next door adjacent lounge, "Meet") a few times now and I've never been disappointed.

See, as someone who is in love with meat (the thought of Lady Gaga's meat dress inspires such overwhelming emotions I can scarce put them to words), it's easy to give vegetarian/vegan places a bad rap.

But this place is great and aside from the prices of their drinks and the smaller portions of their appetizers, it's pretty much the best place in the city for vegetarian and vegan dishes. 

The restaurant is small, so you may want to think about hitting it before or after the rush. Decor is funky, but I don't really go to a restaurant to stare at the decorations, so I'll just leave that one there. The ambience is sort of pretentious, but that's a-okay with me. There's usually a DJ with a hilarious mustache spinning some sort of ambient jazz or something. I appreciate his efforts to set a good mood for the violent consumption of bean sprouts.

Now: When you read the menu, there are going to be words on there you don't understand and vegetables you've never even heard of. DON'T PANIC. Just order something.

I've had sandwiches, salads, breakfast, lunch and dinner here - I've always enjoyed how flavorful the dishes are and how professional the presentation is. Even as someone who normally gorges themselves on delicious animals, I've got to say - well done, Coup. You've made a diet associated with being an enormous hippy-tree-hugger extremely attractive to me.

I usually wash down my uber-healthy meals with a Clockwork Orange. I can't even remember what's in it, but it tastes like rays of sunshine. 

If you've got friends who unfortunately don't see the merits in chomping on a steak, I'd recommend swinging by this place. Just have a thick wallet and an open mind.Review #3 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge

The Coup is definitely my favourite restaurant in Calgary now. I lived here a few years ago and the menu was all right back then, but it seems they have overhauled it now and put some new entrees and appetizers on the menu.  The portions are great and they have a wider variety. 

Another big thing is they finally made it easier to veganize everything. Before almost everything had cheese in it and there was no vegan Daiya cheese option.  Also for breakfast almost everything had eggs in it. 

So I am really impressed and I don't feel they're only catering to vegetarians and omnivores anymore. Dishes taste great when they are ordered vegan as well. 

So far since I've moved back I've gone a handful of times and tried the following dishes:

Baked Rosemary Yam Fries - a little different than they used to be, they give you bigger ones and less of them now. The miso gravy is more like a very thick dip, all right but not my favorite. 

Upstream burger - not bad, a little bit squishy as it's made from yams. It tasted good but I found that the focaccia bread was way too giant for the patty. I would like it on ciabatta more. Comes with salad or yam fries, so it's good. 

The Grazer Burger - the tempeh comes in some sort of barbecue sauce that is delicious. It would be awesome with 3 strips instead of 2. The saurkraut is pretty good, not too sour.  I got it without horseradish for my preference.  It's served on toasted ciabatta, so it's very filling.  I really like this sandwich. 

Pasta' Buck - really flavorful and inventive pasta.  It almost tasted like penne carbonara with the sundried tomatoes having a tangy flavor in place of bacon. The smoked tofu is really good.  This dish was so filling I had to take half of it home!

Beachfront Hot Pot - this is the only dish I wouldn't get again. It was kind of weird. I love coconut soup and noodle soup and tons of veggies, but it just had an odd flavor to it. The lotus root is really hard and it's not something I'm sure you're used to eating before. I think if it was more flavored like a coconut curry or just a vegan pho it would be better. 

There's a few more items I'd like to try on the menu, but I usually stick to the entrees as they're more filling, and as a vegan chef I'm used to eating a lot of salads and steamed veggie bowls at home already. 

Their drinks like the vegan hot chocolate (with almond milk) and pear ginger cider are good, they're just so darn expensive. So I just wish their non alcoholic beverages weren't so pricy, it's a little too much. 

The staff are really friendly and even at closing they don't mind if you sit and chat for a few minutes so I didn't feel any pressure to pay the bill and leave right away.Went here for brunch on a Sunday. They have an extensive menu on drinks (alcoholic or not). I was waiting for a friend to arrive and the waitress was so attentive making sure I was okay. It is now spring so the patio is now open and there were plenty of people soaking up vitamin D. 

I had the sombrero with hash browns, and it was so good. Coming from LA and knowing what real Mexican food is and bumping into many misses of Mexican food has been disappointing. Although, this was not much like the authentic Mexican food, it was good because it wasn't trying too hard to be that. The coup did not try to mimic so much rather than really make it their own. My friend ordered messy jessy, he was very happy with it and I was happy he was happy considering he is a strong meat eater. 

Some may say this place is overpriced, but in my opinion it's a decent price. The place, the ambience, the food, and the customer service were all great. I would definitely go back again.I'm in a giving mood these days - handing out 5 stars all over the place! Well deserved stars though, and The Coup is no exception. It's not just that they use as much organic and local food as possible, or that they make everything from scratch. Or even the fact that they plant trees to offset their waste or recycle & compost everything they can. All of this green effort is deserving in itself. 

But the food! I have personally never had a bland meal at The Coup; everything has been fresh and fantastic.  I really appreciate how The Coup does not try to hide behind wannabe meat dishes and too much salt, sauce, etc.  The food is a celebration of what the earth has to offer and how delicious whole foods naturally are.  I love leaving a restaurant feeling healthy and satisfied. 

As you may have heard about The Coup, it can be a lengthy wait as it is pretty popular. The good thing about the wait is that you can sit in the lounge and have a drink and appetizers, which sure beats sitting around in a lobby waiting for a table. I only with they'd knock the drink & starter prices down a bit, I see no need for them to cost as much as your meal. I often end up drinking water because I can't justify prices of even the nonalcoholic drinks. The mains, however, are very reasonably priced. 

Despite the prices of the aforementioned items, I would 100% recommend The Coup to those who like fresh, quality, healthy food with flavour!Very popular and very noisy. It used to be a tiny, friendly, place where the wait staff would take the time to chat. Yes, there was often a line but that is almost de rigeur at most of Calgary's best eateries. The food is good. The price is fair for 17th Ave..., did I say it was popular? So what's my beef?

There are many ingredients that go into making a good restaurant. Good food is high on that ingredient list but it is not only one. I want to feel comfortable at my table, be able to hear the Server when he/she speaks. I want to carry on a conversation with the people at my table and be heard without shouting. I want the Server to return to see if I need anything for more than the obligatory check in to see "How are the first bites are tasting". 

If this doesn't matter to you, or if you prefer a boisterous crowd, and don't mind feeling forgotten by the wait staff then I highly recommend The Coup. It is popular.Awesome food! Gluten free options available.Creative, amazing, great value and great vibe- one of the city's best and the single best pure veg resto I've ever been, ANYWHERE. 

They don't take resos because it's too small- same policy at many little places around the world. You live with this or you go somewhere else.I love the Coup. It's a vegetarian/vegan paradise, and in my experience there's plenty to like even if you aren't strictly veggie. Maybe a little on the spendy side, but worth it. Just be warned, they do get busy!Delicious but super hipster and small. I know it is currently closed for renovations so hopefully they are making it bigger to accommodate the large amounts of people that want to eat here. I honestly don't know why Calgary doesn't have more restaurants like this. There are only so many steakhouses a city can sustain without rebellion taking place.

Anyway, the food here is super good, and should not be avoided because you are a meateater. They do have a lot of tofu as a meat substitute which can be annoying for those looking to avoid soy. My favourite is always the tempeh shawarma--I get it pretty religiously. Their juices are delish, I'm a fan of their carrot apple ginger. When I want to switch it up I get their satay bowl, mostly because I could bathe in their satay sauce. They also have a great brunch menu that is good for something different on the brunch scene (french toast stuffed with smoked tempeh and cheese, I doubt you can find this anywhere else!). 

I also bought their cookbook (can be purchased online and mailed very quick), not really any pictures and some hard to find ingredients but a lot of the stuff is pretty doable (come at me satay sauce).Really nice vegetarian restaurant with creative dishes and great ambience and decor. A bit crowded, so you will probably hear others' conversations, and maybe a bit louder than I prefer for an intimate conversation, but still pleasant. My dish was great (Bun Me), lots of flavor. The appetizer we ordered (Eggplant Sleeping Bags) was pleasant.  My husband's jamaican pizza (which is possibly not on the menu anymore?) was very spicy, he didn't realize the heat level and couldn't eat much of it (I enjoyed the leftovers the next day). My personal disappointment was the cocktail I ordered, I don't think it's on the menu anymore either, it sounded like an exciting flavorful beverage but tasted like a 7&7 with a fancy garnish.  Drinkable, and certainly not bad, but I felt it was not worth the price.  I had asked the server (who was great, by the way) for recommendations for a cocktail that is not sweet... this was not in the dessert category but was definitely on the sweet side, for me.  But overall the food was tasty, of excellent quality and freshness, and the restaurant has a nice vibe. I will likely be back, I will just be more careful in choosing my drink.So good your health resistant friends won't notice you're at a vegan restaurant. 

Everything I've had here is absolutely delicious...the salads are creative and refreshing, the bowls are fabulous - and holy cow, order dessert. The affogato is phenom with coconut gelato and I've seriously never had anything as tasty as the peanut butter banana oatmeal ice cream sandwich.

Enjoy!I was wandering around the city killing time and figured some light bites and a cocktail would be great. So I wandered a few blocks further and stumbled right into The Coup. 

The doors were open and there were a few guests seated inside, but it wasn't all that busy. I chalked that up to the fact is was nearly 3pm on a weekday and checked out the cocktail menu outside before walking in to see what's up. 

Apparently, I'd missed the hours outside because they were just about to close between lunch and dinner. Regardless, I explained I was only after a drink and the bartender was happy to oblige. 

Sadly the cocktail I had eyed outside was taken off the menu, and seeing as many of the drinks have housemade ingredients, it's not that easy to just whip one up. So I went with option B, a scotch cocktail with chambord. I was nervous about it because chambord is so sweet, but the bartender insisted it was balanced.

The drink was rich and slightly syrupy, but in a good way. You didn't want to chug it, but it did go down easy. The chambord was pretty prominent, but the savory smokey notes of the scotch peeked through, breaking it up. 

The entire experience at The Coup was incredibly warm, friendly, and comfortable. I ended up sitting next to a local reporter who was interviewing the owner, so I got a bit of the backstory. 

When I'm back in Calgary I'll certainly swing in DURING OPEN HOURS to try some of the food!Went here for the first time on the weekend with my boyfriend and it was delicious!! it was a nice calm place to be during the snowstorm and service was awesomeAs a certified meet eating (craving) Calgarian who does not in fact like many vegetables, one would think I might never make in to a vegan restaurant. But there I was, Friday night, decked out in my leathers and chowing down on delicious vegan fare! And it was my idea! And I was the one who suggested it! I may have lasted as a vegetarian back in the day if places like this had been there to keep me on the vegetables path. 

When we sat down, I kind of pushed my jacket to the back, trying to camouflage my carnivorous proclivities from the socially conscious inhabitants and waitstaff. Fortunately, I wasn't outed and the service we received was excellent. 

First we sat in Meet, the lounge area. I lol'd at the double entendre, no lies here. After sucking back some vegan cocktails with the delicious and full of real fruit Party Bowl (I think that is what it was called), we moved onto the grub. We knocked back some simple deliciouses, proving once and for all that as long as food is tasty and I am not aware of the onions within, I will savour anything.

I would definitely recommend the Coup for a delicious dinner to vegans and non-vegans alike. It is an opportunity to try something new and tasty. Clearly Calgary is in on the secret, as the place was packed.STEPH JUDGEMENT: Creative, delicious vegetarian/vegan food and cocktails with great service and ambiance.

For our last night in Calgary we wanted a pretty nice dinner. Yelp gave us several suggestions but this place went right to the top of the list because it was vegetarian/vegan and had such good reviews. We made reservations, which was a good thing because the place isn't very large and was packed. It had that retro-mod but slightly rustic look with lots of wood and plants, which was stylish yet still friendly and cozy. They also had a live DJ spinning some loungey electronic music, which was a nice touch. We got seated at one of the tall communal tables by the windows, which turned out to be a good place to see what's going on in the resto as well as the outside. 

We started out with a couple of cocktails, which turned out to be really well-made and delicious. Then we chose a variety of items from the menu to share--everything was really great, with just a minor quibble with a sushi roll's rice being a little too al dente. It was really exciting for the bf to know that he could order anything on the menu. For the record, everything is vegetarian, but not necessarily vegan, but they can make a lot of the items vegan so there is that. The meal and service were wonderful. I think this place is a must-visit in Calgary for any vegetarian or vegan (or even an omnivore who just likes tasty food).Stopped in here for a healthy lunch. It didn't disappoint! Really outstanding flavors, quick and friendly service, and great ambience. The food was really good. The mushroom bacon stands out as I write this nearly a month after our visit -- absolutely fantastic.For years the Coup has been Calgary's go-to for vegetarian cuisine. 
I'm far from vegetarian, but the Coup satisfies that occassional need to eat food that feels restorative and delicious. The flavours are big and satistying and I don't miss the meat any time I've powered down all those macro and micro nutrients.Eating out as a vegetarian in Calgary can be tough. And that's one of the reasons why The Coup is often lined up out the door. The Coup serves up homemade, eclectic vegetarian and vegan options along with alcohol service and fair trade coffee. They sometimes have DJ's spinning from dinner time to after 9:00 but if you don't want to wait then show up early. 
I suggest trying it out and ordering something you have never heard of before, the worst that can happen is you experienced something new!I went there with my lovely girlfriend 3 weeks ago. It caught our attention as a lot of people were standing in line for the opening and decided to give it a try later. (we're from Edmonton) we got there at 7 and it was still jam packed and we were told there was a 35 minute wait, which turned out to be only 15.

The staff was genuinely friendly, they made us feel like regular. During our evening we encountered 4 of them and I'd say the same for everyone of them.

We ordered the hot pot and the eggplant burger. It was very good, super tasty. The portion were big enough to be full but not enough to feel like a glutton. I'd say for the portion it's a bit pricey but the GF says that's the price for that kind of food.As a 20 year vegetarian, I've been to many vegetarian restaurants.  The Coup is absolutely one of the best I have ever had the good fortune to visit!  Service by Kendal was wonderful, restaurant design is chic and modern, food is out of this world delicious!  We started with the Cajun Tempeh Sticks as our appetizer=scrumptious!  I love the Vietnamese Bahn Mi type sandwich, so was excited to see The Coup version called the "Bun-Me" which was amazing!  Dinner was topped off with a Lemon Cashew Coconut Square dessert-yummy!  Dinner at The Coup is an event!  I savored every moment and every morsel!I'm a vegetarian, so I always like to scope out a city's vegetarian restaurants when I first arrive.  The Coup seems to be Calgary's best-known vegetarian place, so it was high on my list of Must Eats!  Unfortunately, I found both of my meals there to be real letdowns.  

Both times I've eaten at The Coup I've had Mexican-inspired dishes: once a "taco" and another time "huevos rancheros".  I use quotations marks as the terms really must be used loosely- both dishes were extreme distant cousins of their namesakes.  I found the taco to be overly heavy on crunchy chard stems, and strongly lacking seasoning.  I found the huevos rancheros to be dull and uninteresting, with an overly earthy flavor from the sprouted-grain tortilla.  Both dishes lacked seasoning, where all it would have taken was some fresh cilantro and a splash of lime juice to make the dishes passable.  Without that fresh flavour, both dishes were nearly bad enough to warrant being sent back.

I just checked The Coup's website and it doesn't look like much (if anything) has changed since my first visit there a few years ago (my second visit was in the past year).  I definitely will not be returning until I see evidence of innovation on the menu.  There are way too many other restaurants with great vegetarian options in town.Pretty good but a long wait, mediocre service and high prices gimp an eclectic and interesting menu. I found only some of the items good and really felt a lack of depth in some of the dishes I tried. My favourites were the tempeh shawarma. I'm eager to go back and try more though. 
Dessert menu was very nice and varied, I had a delicious affogato.Great veggie restaurant! I've been going for years. Awesome vegan root beer floats. LOve the tree house sandwhichThe local Vegetarian restaurant in 17th ave.
Went them for brunch and was quite pleased with everything. good service, great food, and brightly lit and welcoming ambience.This place is fantastic. My first trip was a few weeks ago for Sunday brunch. We arrived around 10, and were seated right away (for brunch! on 17th Avenue!)

The service was quite good, however the kitchen messed up our order but caught the mistake before sending out our food. It made for an extra-long wait, but all 3 of us agreed it was totally worth it.

I had the waffle with cashew cream and it was absolutely incredible.  I'm not a vegasn (or even vegetarian for that matter), but I am definitely going to make it one of my regular haunts. Superb. 

P.S. Try coconut milk in your coffee. OMG.Im a fan of this place. 
Food is pretty good and as a meat eater( hard to make me eat veggies) , i am usually uber picky! 
This place has helped me appreciate vegetarian food so much more. 

The price is right! Atmosphere is cozy and just the right amount of noise!

I would recommend this to any one. Especially those who are making the switch to eating healthier and with a more vegetarian / vegan focus!Hiiiiiiighly recommend this joint to anyone who is a vegetarian... and even those that are not.  In town for the week for work, and had planned to have dinner at Market on 17th.  After perusing their menu and not finding much for non-meat eaters, I wandered down the street and noticed The Coup.  It was jam packed on a Wednesday eve and I took that as a good sign.  The menu is full of so many items that sound delicious, it was hard to choose.  Finally settled on a limeade and a magic dragon bowl, which includes your choice of proteins, grains and sauces.  It was FANTASTIC.  I finished it off as if I hadn't eaten in days.  They know how to do good food here.  Nothing bland about it!  The flavors were perfect.  I concluded with an affogato for dessert which featured coconut gelato.  I'd come here every night if I could.  You won't regret paying a visit to this restaurant!Crystal and I headed over to The Coup for dinner and the wait was looooooooong. That was all right with me for a bit because I figured it meant there would be good food. So we grabbed a spot in the bar area, ordering some cocktails and appetizers, and prepared to wait. I was not prepared to wait as long as we ended up having to however so in the end we just got our food to go.

While the fare was indeed fresh and flavorful I'm not really sure it was worth that wait. I would suggest ordering to go from the get go. Or perhaps filling up on small plates in the bar area. Or just going way before you're as starving as I was even.

I did, however, really enjoy the décor at The Coup. And you couldn't have asked for nicer service so I would try it again and hope for a better experience.The food is delicious! Probably my favourite restaurant where I can actually eat things without feeling restricted since I don't eat meatOne of my all-time favourite restaurants. This restaurant is amazing veg  restaurant with unique Vegan options. We ordered the Vietnamese sub with wild mushrooms and the noodles stirfry. My husband thought the stirfry was a little plain but I loved the Vietnamese sub. We also ordered a veggie juice and the chocolate tarts which were delicious!!! 
I also really appreciate that they have metal vs plastic straws. 
 They don't take reservations except for big parties and it's a very popular place so go early or expect to wait 30 to 60 minutes. They also have a small but nice patio. I would highly recommend this place even if you eat meatThis used to be one our absolute favourite restaurants as a family of vegetarians, and it is still awesome to know we can order almost everything on the menu.  However, it has gone downhill, here's why:
1. Prices have doubled.  Granted minimum wage went up but seriously? Double? $24.50 for ramen, or $21 for a veggie burger?
2. Old favourites like beetnut have been replaced with lack lustre starters.
3.  Portion size has gone down.
4.  The attention to detail has gone down, like a veggie burger that squirts the 'burger' as you bite the extra firm bun.  A burger needs to survive the bite test.
5. No AC on a hot day... hotter inside than out
6.  Did I mention the prices?? 

Will I come back?  As a city lacking good veg restaurants, yes, but not as often and am very selective of what I order.Another trip to Calgary, another trip to The Coup. This time around I ordered the Thai hot pot. (For those interested seasonal veggies in my case meant red and yellow pepper, zucchini, red onion, carrots, snow peas.) Mmmm, I love my veggies!

There is a good variety of things to order at The Coup, and I think that will keep me coming back when I'm in town. Not cheap (more than my work travel allowance), but healthy.


$17.25 with tax and tipIf you're looking for a quirky vegetarian restaurant then this is the place for you - especially since Gratitude Cafe closed :'( 

I wasn't overly impressed with the dishes I tried (falafel quesadilla, almond satay bowl, eggplant appetizers) so I thought it was a bit overpriced. The food was good nonetheless and quite creative.For us, the Coup is among an exclusive few favourite restaurants for great food at reasonable prices. Trendy meets sustainable at this dining and cocktails favourite on 17th.  Tasty, creative vegetarian dishes tend to celebrate fresh, mostly local, largely organic produce rather than trying to imitate meat.  (That said, the freshly made Upstream Burger is among the most popular items at the Coup.)  Atmostphere and service are pleasant, comfortable, and friendly, and the food is truly terrific.  Our favourites include the Greek Goddess, Magic Dragon Bowl, and all the salads.  The salads serves as a very satisfying meal large enough to feed two small people.  The commitment to environmental sustainability here is impressive, though largely invisible to the customer.  They are very careful about sourcing, using locally grown and minimally packaged produce, rennet-free cheeses, GMO-free grains.  They have their own beehives, and use their own compost in their garden.  The place is 100% wind powered, and even uses recycled paper for the menus and vitamin C transfer receipts.  They also support Tree-Canada (planting 36 trees a month) and Meal Share (thousands of meals provided).  No reservations except for larger groups, but you can count on getting a table right away if you arrive by 5:30 - about the right time for dinner before a downtown show.It would seem that Calgary, Alberta, is always one of the last places to embrace all of the good things that exist. Vegan and vegetarianism being no exception, as I've experienced living 'round these prairie parts as a vegan for 8 or so years. However, it is restaurants such as the Coup, which give me some hope. Aside from the long wait times, as this has become some sort of hipster hang out (dietary restrictions are obviously hip, guys), I have never really had a Coup experience that was less than pleasant. It is ambient when it's quiet and you are having dinner with a friend or two by pseudo candlelight. It is buzzing and full of positive, warm energy when it's busy; a reminder of Calgary's growing globally conscious, veggie fueled community. 
A lovely little nook for eats indeed. After trying everything vegan friendly on the menu at least twice, I'd have to recommend the Sundried Tomato Hummus and Upstream Burger with yam wedges for those who have never been. I have a friend from across the country who when he visits, basically forces me to go for Upstream Burgers. Threats are issued if I'm reluctant. I have also stopped into the Coup jussssst for the vegan chocolate torte and a coconut rum chai with almond milk. Just sayin'.An over priced place to eat, but none the less, delicious. The upstream burger is delicious and very filling  and their apple cider vinegar shots taste delicious!This place is awesome. Went with my parents and they both loved it as well. The people were very nice and helpful and of course the food was amazing. I can't wait to try breakfast here!I'm no vegetarian, in fact, if anything I'm a meatatarian. I love meat, meat makes me very happy, my jaw drops open every time I come home for dinner and meat is the main dish, it's so tasty! Need I say more? 

I couldn't believe I left this place happy, satisfied and full, given there wasn't a trace of meat in my dinner. Loved the vibe of the place, the friendly service, and their Greek Goddess was really yummy (if you're an olive fan, like me). My friend, also a meat lover (guys generally love their meat), got the upstream burger, which he also enjoyed, much to his surprise. 

The downside? Before my flight back to Toronto, my cousin and aunt decided to treat me to lunch here after hearing me rave about the place. Unfortunately we could not stay because there weren't enough seats for us (3 adults and 2 kids), there's only one group seating area, which was quite unfortunate, but I had such a great experience there that I decided to get the green house effect salad to go (which I ate on my plane ride home hehe).  I meant to get the Greek Goddess but it was not available at the time so the owner suggested The Green House Effect was the closest thing to it. I paid over $11 for a salad that was not very filling at all, but it came in the cutest personally decorated plastic to-go container which for some reason made me very happy...Probably the best vegetarian food I've had in the country. Service is always amazing and I always walk away feeling super satisfied!I'm kind of in love with The Coup.

I'll admit - my initial thought of dining at a strictly vegetarian place scared me. What the heck was I going to eat? A quick look at the menu didn't inspire me, but I took my chances and I am SO glad I did! Since that first visit, I've been back 3 more times and I've enjoyed it every time.

The vibe is a little boho/hipster and I assumed that meant the service would be snobby and pretentious - as if they could smell that I was a meat eater from a mile away. Fortunately that was not the case! Every single staff member we encountered was friendly and super helpful, and I actually like the laid back vibe of the place - nobody was judging my after yoga "glow" (aka, sweaty and in gym clothes). Anytime there has been a wait, it's gone very quickly - although I've only ever been for lunch. I really love the smoothies of the day, they are always so yummy! The drink menu is expansive and they are really accommodating to substitution requests or dietary restrictions. 

Everything I've tried so far has been amazing! The Green House Effect salad is absolutely delicious - the balsamic dijon dressing is to die for. I also really, really love the Grilled Treehouse Sandwich (with egg) - perfect brunch meal but pretty messy and a little difficult to eat. The panini's are also delicious, as is the soup. The last time I was there, our server didn't bring our drinks out for a while and brought me soup instead of salad - mistakes happen, and they were nice enough to keep the soup on the table so we could enjoy that too (free of charge). Sure, it's a little pricey...but isn't all healthy food these days? The portions are huge so I always end up taking some home for later.

Overall, I absolutely love The Coup and I know I'll be returning time and time again.Good times here! Low flow ambience, good appetizers. Greek goddess is my default entree. Trust the daily specials -- they're overlooked. Plus, the ladies are as hot as they are smart. Yum.I visited The Coup and Meet for my first time last week and I was amazed at how packed the restaurant was.  They don't take reservations, so my girlfriends and I went with the plan that we would have appetizers and cocktails on the Meet side before going over to have dinner on The Coup side!  I had never been to a strictly vegetarian restaurant before, but was pleasantly surprised at the different types of dishes they offered.  The cocktails were great and so was our dinner! Everything was very nicely presented and the service was great! We had a great booth table in the corner which was perfect for a nice girls night out! Overall we all enjoyed our time at Meet and The Coup and we can't wait to go back!You think Calgary and Cowtown you think Alberta Beef but this is not the case with this restaurant! One of thefts restaurants in the country is in Calgary and it is Vegan and it is called The Coup! The Coup is an ethical vegetarian restaurant serving fresh, organic and local food and drink and they make it a total zero footprint experience because not only do they recycle everything but they compost all the raw materials and they go far out of their way to plat 36  trees every single month to offset their carbon footprint and all of their electricity is offset by a windmill and y wind power. The food is also phenomenal !!Fantastic Menu - these guys have filled a very big void in Calgary with a great vegetarian restaurant. 
Loved the Beach Front Hot Pot... and the Almond Satay Bowl was a big hit with my lunch partner....
Great food, great drink menu, great ambiance. Love it!We saw an ad for this place in a local magazine and decided to check them out after reading some great reviews on Yelp. They did not disappoint! The atmosphere was inviting and the service was great. We both enjoyed a tasty chai beverage and their whip dip appetizer. I had a sandwich with the featured carrot soup and my boyfriend had the burger. Before we had our meal the server brought out a complimentary vinegar shot (shrub shot) which is said to help cleanse your organs. 

This business does a lot to do their part in helping our plant as well. Their ingredients are locally sourced and organic. To help off-set their waste, they plant 36 trees a month through Tree-Canada. Amazing!The Coup doesn't lie when they say they are a vegan restaurant.  Their menu is full of meatless, milkless, tasteless food.  It serves the perfect food for a cow or maybe a goat.

It's not that I'm against veganism or vegetarianism or anything like that.  In fact, I'm not the biggest fan of meat, but I am a fan of flavour.  I find that, even though the meals are interesting and different, they are quite bland and not very filling.  All the dishes are quite extreme with very random ingredients; stuff you wouldn't expect to find in edible food.

Okay, maybe I'm being a little too harsh.  This place really is the perfect little restaurant for people who don't eat meat or just want to eat a little healthier.  They don't use any grease or additives in their meals so they really are good for you.  

I'm just not quite a fan of the place because of the lack of flavour and zing!  Perhaps if I enjoyed eating grass a little more I'd like the place enough.  As it is, I prefer a little more taste in my dishes.We were turned on to The Coup by some cool Calgary kids and it did not disappoint. Really friendly staff and super yummy food. If you are a looking for great vegetarian fare in Calgary, this is your go-to place.If you want to get an idea of the character of this place, here's a hint: We went there on the first Saturday evening of Stampede, and there wasn't a single cowboy hat to be seen!  Surely the same can't be said of any other restaurant on 17th Ave :)

This restaurant is low key and hip, with the vibe of a cafe but a great full vegetarian menu.  The food is fresh and creative and unlike other restaurants doesn't rely too heavily on vegetarian renditions of meat dishes.

The yam fries are simply delicious and even better when combined with the tzatziki sauce.  The main courses are enormous (much bigger than they look!) and reasonably priced.  My quinoa and tofu dragon bowl was full of fresh, delicious vegetables and topped with a rich, thick peanut sauce. The portion was so large that I didn't come anywhere close to scraping the bottom of the bowl before I was full.  

Bonus props to the restaurant's reliance on green energy, use of local and organic ingredients, and support of local artists as well.  Suffice it to say, The Coup is a gem I didn't expect to find on 17th Ave!*Really* good vegetarian and vegan fare, plus great service and atmosphere.  Had 2 meals here in 2 days and if we weren't flying out tomorrow would make it 3 for 3!

For brunch my husband and I had (1) french toast with whole grain bread and maple syrup, which was super tasty and french-toasty yet somehow light; (2) "treehouse" sandwich, a vegefied club sandwich with smoked tofu, lettuce, tomato, optional cheese & pesto aioli on rye which was thoroughly satisfying; and (3) rainbow greens salad with sunflower sprouts, shredded carrots & beets and seeds with a tahini lemon garlic dressing,  The salad was perfectly balanced, with the sprouts, shreds, and toasted seeds providing texture and crunch and the slightly tart dressing bringing the whole alive.

For dinner the next day we encored the rainbow salad as a starter; I had a glass of rose which complemented the salad perfectly.  Then we each ordered a "magic bowl" - though it's listed as one menu item, in addition to steamed/sauteed vegetables you have a choice of 3 proteins (tofu, lentils or chickpeas), 2 grains (brown rice or quinoa), and 4 dressings, so the two dishes we received were actually quite different and both delicious.  The peanut satay dressing is particularly yummy, and my husband's green curry was also very good with a hit of fresh ginger.

The service is prompt, friendly, totally unpretentious, and solicitous without being intrusive.  The atmosphere is hip and upbeat without being annoyingly "hipster," there's lively tasteful music in the background, and the space is relaxing and aesthetically pleasing with plenty of wood and earth tones accented with splashes of color.

Basically, this place makes you feel comfortable and taken care of, and when you're eating you're thinking "damn this food is good"  and you're conscious of a feeling of well-being.  And when you leave, even if you've eaten your fill and then some, you feel refreshed and energized.  I'm a vegetarian who loves to eat out and this is one of the best vegetarian restaurants I've experienced!A great vegetarian place to go to! They've done a good job on adapting to Asian and East Indian cuisine. I got the beach front hot pot! Very tasty and colourful. Good variety of vegetables but the broth was quite think, it felt like more of a sauce instead, couldn't call it a hotpot!The third salt/pepper shaker on the table is cayenne. Not cinnamon. I don't recommend putting your finger in your eye directly after screwing the top back on to the cayenne. I actually don't recommend putting cinnamon in your eye either.  

I had the Clock Work Orange to drink - like an orange Gin and tonic. It was delicious.

I ordered the Greek Goddess or something like that for dinner, and it was delicious!

Both times I've been here, it's been QUITE a wait for tables, but if you're not in a hurry, then go for it. The food is excellent.Being Vegan in this town isn't easy - Vancouver transplant. But, for the limited options, this place is the cats patoot. Prices are fair, staff is generally awesome. The dude abides.I was pretty excited about the Coup when it opened. Especially having been a strict vegetarian at the time, and Calgary having very few meatless options. I love the ambiance, and even better now that Meet (the lounge-ish area) has been added. 
Like others have mentioned, im a big fan of the locally sourced food, and how environmentally concious they are.
The food is consistent, a little pricey for a few items..particularly drinks.My fave has to be the dark hot chocolate, with soy milk.
The service has always been awesome, Ive had the owners serve our table a few times, and they are wonderful.
I would recommend this place if you want to try something different, or looking for a cozy causal place to hang.You can't go wrong with The Coup's falafel wrap with a side of sweet potato fries... it is just ridiculously delicious... mmm I've tried other things on their menu, but this has become my favourite here. 

Being one of the only vegetarian restaurants I know of in Calgary, I can't really compare it to anything else in town.

With that in mind, what bugs me about this place is it takes forever to eat here on any night of the week. Yes, being busy for the owners is a good thing, but honestly, I am constantly skipping this place because the wait time is just ridiculously... long. My beef with their recent expansion, although it doubles their sq/ft'age here, didn't solve this. The new half is merely a waiting room/lounge - I wish they simply added tables so people wouldn't have to wait so long; its quite sad in my opinion.

I love the falafel wraps and the service here; they have great service btw. Its just the waiting is the problem for me.

They don't take reservations here sadly.

So, if you want some delicious food, come to The Coup, just expect a long wait time especially on the busier nights of the week... which is almost everyday expect Monday because they are closed on Monday.

Cheers!I'm often in Calgary for 24 hours or less for work, but this is one stop I'd be willing to make time for again. 

Often when traveling I get tired of unhealthy food. It's a nice change to have some fresh, veggie filled bowl of goodness. I had the Satay for $11, which was warming, and healthy and chock full of broccoli and tofu and rice noodles. I had a coconut chai tea before the meal. It was good, but at $6.25 for a mug of tea I didn't feel that it was much more special than any other chai latte's I've had. I couldn't really tell that there was any coconut milk in it. Still it was sweet and delicious. I just wouldn't order it again. 

Coup was recommended by a vegan friend of mine who had previously been in town on business. Turns out there aren't many options for a vegan in Calgary. Who know? If you're a vegan from Calgary, give this a try. If you a a vegan IN Calgary, give this a try. If you are in Calgary at all, give this a try! Delicious for even the non vegans like myself! Sometimes a gal just needs some veggies!I've been vegan for over ten years, and when people tell me they don't like "vegan food" I wonder what the hell they're talking about. They're talking about the coup.

I ordered a "satay" bowl with a brass monkey like beer cocktail and my boyfriend had the tempeh reuben.

My satay bowl was basically liquid peanut butter on steamed veggies (wonder where they're sourcing that "local" lotus root). I was brought half a glass of orange juice for my drink, but a full beer. When I asked for the rest of my juice to finish off my cocktail I was told it would be $4. For a $8 drink I would expect to get at least. . . well, all of it. 

My boyfriend's reuben had to be sent back. He enquired about substituting vegan cheese for "organic sheep's feta" but was told again that he would be charged. Fine. Be that way, but don't glob 3/4 of a cup of  "vegan mayonnaise" on to compensate. When it returned, he realized that there was initially too much sauce, but it was also so unappetizing that reducing the amount of dressing didn't save his meal. The "tomato horseradish aioli" was more like seafood cocktail sauce with whipped canola oil product. 

The service is okay, if you're dressed right. I noticed a HUGE difference between how we (sort of hipsterish looking, tattooed young couple) were treated (seated more quickly, chatted up by servers etc) than the meat and potatoes looking Albertans. That just isn't cool.

So no, I don't recommend the coup. The food is bad and the service is meh. Stay home and make a meal instead.I've been wanting to try this place out for a while now. The Atmosphere is great (has a real hipster vibe) and service was good. Unfortunately, I wasn't overwhelmed by the food. My girlfriend and I had the sushi and eggplant sleeping bags to start. The sushi was just ok and I found the pesto in the eggplant dish to be a little on the salty side. We shared the beach-front hot pot as our main which was just ok as well, I found the flavors to be a little unbalanced and felt like I could make a better vegetable curry at home (why go out then?!?).
All in all an ok meal, I'm glad I tried this restaurant but do not think I will go back. It's too bad because this restaurant really has the potential to be amazing. They have a great ambiance and a really cool cocktail menu, their menu just needs a little help.Stopped by for dinner for two on a Sunday. Got a table right away without a reservation. Our server was delightful, charming, and very helpful. All of our food arrived very quickly. 

I am vegan and my companion is an omnivore; we both enjoyed everything we tried on the menu. Our server pointed out what was & could be made vegan for me. 

The drink menu is hefty and exciting. Regretfully, I didn't try anything from it, but was extremely tempted. My companion tried a cocktail, I forget which, but found that near the end the strong herbal flavours were a bit too much for her liking. She enjoyed the first, milder half of the drink, but did not finish the rest of it. 

To start, we shared the Baked Rosemary Yam Fries with Garlic Aioli. No picture of that because we ate it so quickly-- it was delicious, cooked perfectly. 

My companion enjoyed the Midori Tsukemen, which our server let us know was served chilled so not to surprise us. It comes beautifully poured with a bright green sauce, as well as some purple plants on the side. I ordered the Giant Panda. I am a sucker for seitan, so the seitan yakitori excited me. The Giant Panda comes with quite a bit of rice, and though it was delicious, I felt that there could have been a bit more peanut sauce to balance it out (or a bit less rice), and I did mix it around to distribute the flavours. It was not mentioned on the menu but the Giant Panda comes with cilantro, to my delight. Fresh shaved vegetables balanced the heaviness of the seitan and peanut sauce. It is a pretty heavy and filling dish, but quite tasty. 

Though we were pretty full, we entertained the dessert menu, and surrendered to the Flowers, Blossoms, & Petals "Cheese" Cake. My companion also ordered the Coconut Berry Fog drink, which arrived with a white heart swirled into its pink froth. I loved the "cheese" cake, and we took the rest to go since we were both too stuffed to finish it. I highly recommend trying it. 

Our experience at The Coup was warm, positive, and delicious overall. Quite a bit of the menu can be made vegan or already is. My companion, who does eat meat but is open to try some vegetarian cuisine, very much enjoyed it. I had heard about The Coup a few times from some vegetarian friends, and am very impressed by the food and atmosphere. I will definitely be returning to try some other menu items that piqued my interest (there were many).Clearly everyone in Calgary who's vegetarian knows about this place, because it came recommended to me by hotel staff and strangers alike when I mentioned I was looking for a cool veg place to eat while in town on business. The food was fresh and creative, with an impressive array of entrees to choose from. There were four of us and we each ordered something different, promising to share so that we could all get a taste (check the pics I've added on the listing)! Amazing food!My husband and I have changed our diet and decided to go vegan. It's amazing btw! Watch this documentary on Netflix called "Forks over Knives". Any who, we have eaten at The Coup probably 5 times in the last 4 months and every....single....meal is AMAZING! Unbelievably flavorful, filling, great choices, service is excellent! Even if you aren't vegan (like my dad!) still try this place. If my crazy meat eating father liked it, you will too! Decently priced too!! 

My faves so far...burger, quiche, soup of the day, sweet potatoes fries with garlic aioli, and the vegan charcuterie board. Also, we do a shot of the flavor infused apple cider vinegar. So good, go!After attending The Coup way too much in the past couple of weeks I feel the need to update my love. 
When we went to The Coup following my convocation, we received lovely service as always. My little brother is a dear, and when I was in the washroom, purchased a copy of The Coup cookbook for me, which awaited my return on the table. That weekend I immediately took it home and cooked up my beloved Upstream burgers! Sooo happy. This cookbook rules, and is super charming as it tells the story of how The Coup came to be. While most of the recipes for my favourite vegan menu items are included in this cookbook, I will still continue to frequent The Coup for the cozy little atmosphere and wonderful service. Just wanted to plug their wonderful cookbook!
Also, I am not sure if I mentioned this in my earlier review as this may not have come into fruition yet, but the teas The Coup serves are actually those of The Naked Leaf in Calgary, my favourite organic teashop. Therefore, you can support two local businesses in one visit! Charming! :)

(4/30)A little pricey but so worth it. LOVE their miso sauce!!! And great food as well. Dont expect it to taste like Moxies, its very granola but done very well. I only wish they took reservations so we dont have to wait every time for a table for so long. Over all- SO YUMMY!!!it didn't take long to get a table and then we were "upgraded" to the booth around the corner which was super nice! (sitting with the cutest baby ever attracts some attention and well, who likes to sit by an entrance full of people waiting to be seated?) 
our server was hilarious and amazing with details and... most importantly, the food was delicious. hurrah for vegan options in calgary!
i'm excited to finally get to try this place after hearing about it for years. (i am visiting from vancouver)
thanks, coup!Only in Calgary would a trendy and successful vegetarian restaurant be considered a 'coup'. 

Let's face it, this is one of the least animal-friendly cities in the developed world where their biggest claim to fame is a yearly 'Stampede' that results in the inhumane treatment and death of several horses and cows. It was surprise to find this restaurant here and packed with people too!

We arrived early, before they opened for dinner and there was already a small line up of people waiting to get in.

We left and came back 15mins later to find only one table available and snatched it moments before 2 other groups walked in. Defeated, they moved to the lounge known as 'The Meet'. 

I had the Cajun Tempeh sticks to start with a dijon-maple sauce. I generally dislike most forms of tempeh I encounter but these were exceptional. 

For an entree I took a leap of faith and went for the Dragon bowl(veggies, tofu, on basmati brown or quinoa) with a peanut satay sauce. I say leap of faith because some of the most bland tasting excuses for vegetarian food are sold under the same packaging at a popular Toronto veg chain *cough *cough *Fresh and make me wonder why I even bother trying to eat well. This is not true of The Coup Dragon bowl. It was flavourful and tasty.

Now listen up because this is the important part. You must, absolutely, undoubtly (put your religious beliefs on hold if need be or tuck your AA membership card back in your wallet) order a drink! How often does a vegetarian restaurant actually have a liquor license? The answer is not to damn often and this place is half lounge so they must know what they are up to in the mixology department.

I opted for the hot toddy in the form of a coconut rum soy chai latte. Sure it was July, but this is practically the Rockies and there's no hot sticky summer nights in Calgary. Oh baby baby, that hottie hit the spot!Hands down my favourite restaurant in Calgary. 80% of the time I eat out, it is at The Coup. I have never had a disappointing meal or experience here .. well, except for the one time they almost killed me with a peanut cross-contamination .. but my meal was comped and I forgive them. All the food is delicious, creative, healthy, affordable and so vibrant with life! I highly recommend The Coup to locals and out of towners alike. So much love.The Coup was the last stop on our poutine crawl during Poutine Week.  I couldn't have the poutine (allergic to the mushroom gravy) so I tried the waffle sushi instead.

The sushi was green onion, pear, and ginger rolled with organic brown rice and grilled on a waffle iron, with a drizzle of ginger teriyaki sauce.  It looked really good and the flavours were nice, especially the hint of ginger.  The roll needed a little more green to brighten the flavour and definitely more sauce.

I do love a good vegetarian restaurant but I hadn't known this place existed until the poutine crawl so I'm looking forward to trying other items on future visits.  There were some pretty crazy things on the drink menu I'd love to try next time too.Had a lovely breaky at the coup.

Food: my el sombrero with smoked tofu was VERY good (can choose between egg or tofu filling) with a side of hash, salsa and sour cream....the salsa had a sweet taste to it and was quite enjoyable. ($13.50).

Friends had the frittata daily special, and mediterranean scramble which both looked very good as well.

Drink: basil lemon-limeade was also very good being the right amount of tartness! ($6.50)

Great food, good service, busy busy, I think we got the last table @ 9:30 am, so go a bit earlier for breakfast/brunch.

Would definitely come back for lunch / dinner.Falafel Quesadillas 
Mazemen w/ tofu 
Vibrant atmosphere.
Good service.
Top notch vegetarian restaurant.Even if you're not a vegetarian, the food here is so good you'll never know you weren't eating meat! Try it and you'll leave satisfied.Everyone knows Sarah Louise here!!! She strolled in high fiving everyone, also they have Jazz hereLet's try vegetarianFamily snack time!I advise to get here when they open at 11:30, or to wait until 2pm. They have quite the lunch rush.Great breakfast for vegetarians.Best veggie food in CalgaryVegetarian breakfast! Yumm!Sunday eve 7-9pm jazz and charcuterieMy favorite vegan alternative!I forgot what I ordered... the quesadilla with felafels in it and yam fries! haha woot!Awsome vegetarian restaurant. Creativity  mix  with  flavor. Highly recommendedBest vegan/vegetarian in the city!!!Great place to meet women. I only see 1 other guy hereFalafel Quesadillas 
Mazemen w/ tofu 
Vibrant atmosphere.
Good service.I'm usually a carnivore but this restaurant was fantastic. I ordered the curry bowl special and it was to die for.Nice patioNo high chairs bring your ownThey have metal vs plastic straws!!!!!!Best vegan food ever, but that's not all they do. Everything is fresh and local as possible, and it shows.Excellent meal and service. I couldn't eat it all, it was so filling... This Place has great energy and the concept is awesome. With Friends..or a great place to go for a date after an event. Energy is good. Similar to a restaurant theme in Arizona. The pizza and toppings are both great calibre, and the staff is  on. There maybe waits, but you can always go on a list, and they will call you when somethings available.Food is great, and so is the service.  It's too bad then that I left so disappointed over a charge of $10 for four glasses of water and $8 for an after dinner Americano. I felt completely ripped off despite the core menu (pizza and apps) being quite a fair value.Great food, the kale Caesar salad is my favourite. The service is always good but the wait for a table can be long. The prices are reasonable.Had the worst service of my life today. Finished eating and we didn't touch the rest of our food for almost 30 minutes before someone noticed us. We sat at the bar and the people beside us knew the girl working behind the counter and it seemed like they had great attentive service. Finally got our food packed up by another staff member who wasn't our server, and we asked for the bill. No one talked to us for another 20 minutes, no bill. Basically just sat there trying to get our servers attention. We were literally sitting right in front of her at the bar and she wouldn't make eye contact with us and didn't seem to hear us when we tried to get her attention. I've been to this restaurant so many times I consider myself a regular, now I don't even want to go back in. Maybe I'll consider takeout as the service has really gone downhill lately.Very disappointed tonight Una.  For all your Calgary notoriety and reputation and all the glowing reviews, we experienced terrible service (the server actually sighed and rolled her eyes when we asked where the Una house Rosé was from - aren't you a "wine bar"?) , pisspoor broccoli that tasted over-cooked (almost microwaved)  and average shrimp (I can do better). The pizza crust wasn't even standoutish.A welcome addition to 17th Ave SW.  Una is a family favourite. The staff were super accommodating with our toddler.  We will be back!!I'm totally fan of their pizza and the best part about this place is the environment, highly recommended place for pizza lovers plus if you wanna grab a drink smtime then they've an impressive list.This is by far my fav spot on 17th ave.  I have always had amazing food and service there.  The kale caesar salad is to die for and the prawns are delicious! SO YUMMY!A friend brought me here a while ago I was visiting Calgary, and the deliciousness is still imprinted in my mind. 
We started with little bites of boccaccini, anchovy and pimento. They were good, but the best was yet to come.  The seared scallops with prosciutto and olive tapenade were absolutely OUT OF THIS WORLD!  They were perfectly cooked, and the crisped prosciutto gave a really nice texture contrast.  We also had the sambuca shrimp, which were so good we tried to re-create them the next night. 
The mushroom and arugula pizza had a nice earthy-ness , though I'd gladly make a meal of all the little appetizers. 
And... we had a great view of the kitchen action, sitting at the bar. It was like watching artists at work... and then devouring their masterpieces :)Best pizza place in Calgary hands down. You've got to try the kale Cesar salad and 4 maggi!Okay so I was super excited about the reviews and went in with high hopes. I got the kale salad like everyone said and it was so salty. The bacon and the bread crumbs on it is a nice touch but it made the salad too salty for my taste and I couldn't finish it. I also got the veggie pizza and I think they were growing my veggies because it took way too long. When I finally got my pizza, there was so much oil that it was dripping down our hands while we were eating it. The cauliflower was very good and I like that. What I think annoyed me the most was while I was waiting to be seated, I got myself a tea drink next door. When they were seating me they told me I couldn't bring outside drinks on so I had to chug my drink down. Then they told me I had to pay $2 for their tap water per person. Overall, I think the food was okay, the ambiance was okay but pretty noisy and the food is overpriced.The food is decent but the wait is absolutely ridiculous.  A friend of ours was really excited about this place and wanted us to try it.  He made the reservations - it was a Saturday evening.  He was told it would be an hour and a half until we could be seated.  They took his cell number and we went to a nearby pub to wait and have a drink.  TWO hours later they phoned back and said they had a table ready for us.  We arrived and were seated promptly We ordered our pizzas, appies and a bottle of wine between the three of us.  Mid way through the pizzas our friend tried to order more wine but they refused to serve him saying he was too drunk.  When he politely disagreed they got nasty.  He's no obnoxious 20 something, he's pushing 60.  I guess it's so busy in there individual customers mean nothing to them.  Go to Without Papers Pizza instead, or even Pizza Bob's.  The food is better, the service is friendly and you won't waste your entire night waiting for a seat.Not sure what the fuss is about?  Had lunch here with a friend, ordered the meatball appetizer and the Pear pizza.  Meatballs came in a watery, flavor uninspired sauce and were boringly spiced with garlic, pepper and my guess was cayenne. The meatballs from Double Zero put these to shame. Pizza was simple and blah, not a lot going on with the walnut, pear and onion toppings of which the pear was not ripe. My friend had a glass of wine and the total bill was $45. In my opinion, you can have 10 times the quality and taste down the street at Borgo for a similar price. 

Strangely our appetizers arrived at the same time as our pizza and the table for two couldn't handle both plates. Another observation, if you are serving pizza on a platter, make sure it is sliced all the way through as we were left to hack at it with a butter knife to just get a slice on our plates 

Interior is small and intimate but you'll have a hard time speaking because they have crappy oldies piping through the speakers. Comparatively speaking, this place is at the bottom of my list for new wave Calgary pizza offerings. Check out Pulcinella, Double Zero or WO Papers in that order before giving these guys your money.Best take out I've ever had!!   We ordered a pizza,  cauliflower,  and ceasar salad for delivery and it looked and tasted just as delicious as it would if we were sitting in a nice restaurant.  The kale ceasar salad is awesome and made with quality ingredients. This place is definitely worth a try!My girlfriends and I decided to do lunch at Una yesterday as I was working at the Calgary office downtown. I had been meaning to return here for a while, but my boyfriend isn't a huge fan of it so I haven't had the chance to come back. The service was spot on, luckily there was no wait and we were tended to right away. We ordered a couple glasses of prosecco and dove right in with the 4-Maggi and the Tiki pizzas. They were both delicious! I love the truffle oil used in the 4-Maggi and the bacon on the Tiki was perfect. My one complaint was the cheese on the 4-Maggi was extremely thick, not soft and gooey like I'm used to. I wasn't a huge fan of that, but next time I will probably just try something else.One of my favorite places to eat in the city! My favorite pizza hands down is the 4-maggi. Topped with truffle oil and honey, that little sweetness adds so much to a pizza that is pretty simple. Always ask for some chili oil to add to your pizza, it gives it a great little kick! The pizza crust is so light that you can consume 3-4 pieces and not feel too indulgent. And most recently I've come to really love Una's version of chicken "wings", boneless chicken thighs flavored with spicy harissa, lime and herbs served with a feta dip. Service is always fast and efficient. The atmosphere is fun and hip and is one of the things I like best about eating there. Because it's so lively it makes me feel like I am in a bigger metropolis like New York city. Follow them on twitter as they are usually good a updating wait times on busy nights, which is basically every night! But trust me, it's worth the wait =)Great food, great service! I ordered the mushroom pizza and meatballs to start. The mushroom pizza was delicious, but I only wished the crust wasn't so thick. The meatballs were just ok; they were a bit under seasoned. I'd pass on the meatballs next time and try the scallops instead. 

Would definitely return.I like UNA and wish I had the fiscal means to visit this place post-club.

The first time I came here I tried their version of the BLT which was a great and hefty sandwich to consume. In the second time I finally got a chance to try their pizza. Baked in a thin crust, the dough was as fresh as it's toppings. I wish I had the utensils to mimic this quick-cook Mediterranean style thin dough pizza. The best part was that we ate our pizza with a cracked egg in the center. Yeah I'd imagine this was the place I'd go to after a bad date and not eat my feelings but rather remind myself that I'm awesome enough to deserve amazing pizza.

Their tiny bar area is a sociable place. Me and a Lady eavesdropped on a bunch of guy's attempting to impress a girl. They bought her free rounds of wine/alchohol which she playfully took a sip off and rejected. Eventually some older dude in a powersuit just gave her a piece of his pizza and chatted her up the whole night. Moral of the story? Pizza rules.This little pizza place is a great place out for casual lunches or dinners. For a table of 5, our party waited for 45 minutes on a Sunday evening. The restaurant is small, yet cozy and the good is phenomenal! This is where the stars start to get taken off; I took off one star for the hefty price tag for the food and .5 star was taken for the location (absurdly hard to find parking); a deduction for another .5 star for the red haired hostess girl at the front for being quite rude; another subtraction of .25 stars for the service (as it was slow); and finally the other .25 for no option to make reservations. 

Overall, I would recommend this place, you should try it at least once- my personal favourite is the veggie pizza here, it is to die for, the intricate flavours just tie the pizza together. 

Tips: 
1) I would not bring babies here as it is small and if the kids are young and cranky, that may ruin the experience for others. Please be weary. 

2) I would be prepared to wait especially if you have large parties, there's this nifty little app that lets you know where you are in line and how long is the wait time. Even for small groups, if you are going during peak hours, expect to wait. 

3) Make sure you leave plenty of time for parking.I have been drawn to UNA since it opened, upscale pizza and wine? yuppp I am in! I finally went this evening with my girlfriend and we arrived at 5:30 pm on Thursday- it was already half full. Based on previous yelpers, I was aware to arrive early as this place doesn't take resos, and is rather a hot spot (which is why I have avoided it until now). I absolutely hate waiting in lines for dinner, i like to have a set time to meet and get my eat on, not wait having no idea when I might finally get a table. So usually if they don't take resos, I avoid. By 6 pm a line up had formed out the door.

I ordered the salami pizza and the 4 maggi, salami was soooo yumm. The 4 maggi was good, but a bit too sweet for my liking. To finish we ordered the peanut butter terrine- UM YUM. I could eat 10 of these and would go back just for it. If you love peanut butter like me, you will love it. 

Once the bill arrived I was surprised to see we were charged $4 for water, I find that tacky ( especially since we didn't want the water? We were looking at the wine menu straight away, yet he still said to start us off with some water while we were deciding).
I have to drop a star for this reason, and another star for the fact that they don't take reservations. As I am sure that isn't a problem for many others, I like to live on a schedule. The food here is very good though, and the service was good too.I really like their pizza. It is quite 'light' of a pizza though, definitely not the traditional American heavy cheese-laden pizza.So far this is the best pizza we have found in the city. Its a small but busy place so next time we shall make reservations (we went on a whim at 5 pm but took us 20 mins to get a table for 2). The service was quick and efffcient. We sat at the kitchen bar so we could watch the chefs which was nice if your into that sort of thing. The pizza itself was good, all is thin crust and the selection is great. The crust was cunchy but the inner part was a little soggy with the toppings though. Overall it was a good experience and will go again!Always a good choice. Relaxed atmosphere & yummy food. The kale caesar salad is amazing.love UNA, simply good consistent pizzasI thought the pizza was delicious!!  We had pepperoni and mushroom, but my father thought the pizza was spicy.  Chopped salad was spicy but also delicious.  Topped of our meal with a Key Lime pie...YUMMY!!Hey BlackBerry, we checked out your pizza joint. Twas delicious. Erika and Steve from Brooks.the margarita pizza was like tomatoe soap with bread.  Its quite good but too overpriced.UNA is just okay. I only ever go there at the request of others. I'm not really sure why people love it so much- the food is good but nothing I have ordered here has stood out to me or wow'd me. The atmosphere is cute but it's always really busy and noisy. The service is consistently good though!Excellent service and delicious pizzas!!... Now, I know why is always soooo busy!!.. It takes me a while trying it as every time I went there I saw the line, and I didn't want to wait.. But now, I understand the reason... The wine is very good, and the pizzas delicious!.. Best crusty I have had in Calgary.. It is like the pizzas in the northeast of the USA.. I recommend this place 100%What pizza place is known for their kale salad?!?!?  This place!  Which was our appetizer before our pizza and meatballs arrived.  Which was a great idea for me to prevent me from over eating on the pizza.

The kale salad was a huge portion to share, it was only us two and we finished it.  At first I was like whoa the vinaigrette was a lot or strong, but after a while I was like mmm I want more. And we end up finish it.  Not many places offer kale salad so for it to be an option it was good.

Unfortunately, the meatballs were large but dry in my opinion.  I drenched it in the tomato sauce and finished it but maybe it would have been better on the salad?  I dunno, but I wouldn't order it again.  

The mushroom pizza was okay.  A lot of mushrooms, good!  A lot of cheese, too much.  Next time I will try 
Another flavor someone posted on here.  I think it was the California pizza, with and egg in the middle?  that looked good...

Seating is quite cramped during the winter if you have to share your space w your stuff and jackets.  Half the restaurant is bar/counter like seating.  The first half of chairs have back to lean on or out your jacket on.  Second half in the back are stools so u have to put your stuff on hooks.  Thank god we end up getting a seating at a table which is almost like seating in New York, next to your neighbor.  And if you have a bit of a booty, good luck getting into the bench wall side.  

Gets hot near the kitchen, get ready to get warm during dinner too.

Service was great to hostess to wait staff. So kudos to the staff.  They were nice, helpful and great attitude.  Their bosses are lucky to have them.MMM MMM MMM! I think this was the most silent meal I've eaten with a group of people because we were all too busy inhaling the pizza. These pizza's were amazing!

We ordered two 4-maggi's, a Sausage and a Prosciutto. Every single slice devoured in our bellies. We started off with the meatballs. They were also equally wonderful. I couldn't have asked for a better meal. 

The 4-maggi was my favourite I think it was for our whole table since they were the first to be finished. Must have been that truffle oil that was oh so savoury and it complemented the cheese so well.

The only reason they lost a star was we had a big group which is fine our male wait staff were wonderful and accommodating and at one point all of us were sitting on each other's laps cause we didn't have enough space. What I didn't like was the snarky and rude comments being made by one of the other staff members. We were having fun we didn't mind that we had to wait longer to get a bigger table. (We had more people join us then expected, it went from 4 of us to 6.) We didn't care we were enjoying our wine and having a great time waiting for the chef's table. The comments were totally not needed from the one staff member though. I think it was none of her concern since she wasn't the one taking care of our table in the first place. 

Love this place though I will be back as much as I can before I move away from the city!Simply amazing. It was well worth the short wait. The staff was very pleasant from the efficient hostess to the very attentive bartender (I sat at the bar) to the water dude. The food was quite delightful. The prosciutto wrapped walnut stuffed dates were very unique and the four maggio pizza was among the best I've had. Just. Go. To. Ina.It's just OK. Average pizza $20 could feed two girls. The menu is limited in my opinion.Love this place! The kale Caesar salad is a must! The only thing that they loose a star for is the size of the space can't accommodate the demand. Be sure you make a reservation or expect to wait!Superior professional service. Great pizza and food (go family style and order a big salad, 2 pizzas and 2 bottles for four - plenty of food for 4). Pricey. Worth it. Go. Seriously.I tried Una for the first time a couple of weeks ago, and was very impressed. After Wicked Wedge gave me food poisoning (yes, from a pizza!), I was very happy for the change!

Now I love a good pizza, and Una definitely hit the mark for me! Waaaay better than Double Zero!  I had the prosciutto with arugula and it was fabulous!

But if you're going to go to Una, you HAVE to try the dates! They stuff them with walnuts, wrap them in prosciutto,and bake them so the prosciutto is crisp. Drizzle some balsamic and dab in a bit of sea salt. Perfection! We each had one to start, and had to go back for another round for dessert.Fantastic Pizza... had the mushroom ..   can mix great drinks also... !  will be backParking was a bit difficult. The kale salad was delicious and perfect to share with 5 people. Service was great and we had three pizzas to share which was too much so there were leftovers the next day. The mushroom pizza was the best according to my cousin buf i liked the cheese pizza with truffle oil, which had a sweetness, saltiness combination. The "wings" appetizer was actually boneless thigh meat and was worth purchasing just for the dipping sauce. I suggest to try the chili oil rather than the pepper flakes on the pizza.Absolutely the best veal meat balls on the planet, I'm coming back here every time I go to calgary.  Love you guys.Unfortunately the pizza and the appetizers that my family and I had ordered were doused in salt to the point where we could not even eat it. Friendly staff and atmosphere except the salt has to stop.Una is my unicorn that poops rainbows and I love the warm fuzzy feelings I get every time I come here. It honestly can do no wrong. 

I rarely give five stars and Una deserves this because it slays and it CONSISTENTLY slays every single time I've eaten here, and trust me, I've eaten here lots. The food and service is top notch every time. 

Their Kale Caesar salad is mind blowing and is the best Kale salad in the city. Copy cats can try to duplicate it, but I've yet to find a close equal. Their meatballs are fresh and tasty and their calamari, despite departing from the standard deep fried method, is served in a putanesca sauce and is refreshingly delicious. 

You can't go wrong with any of the pizzas. The crust is thin, sturdy and not prone to sogginess which is a HUGE plus! There's nothing worse than soggy pizza crust! The pizza special of the day frequently sells out by dinner time so you'll have to catch it at lunch. My favorites are Tiki and Prosciutto. 

I'm so happy Una exists in Calgary. I wish there were more places like this in the city, but translated from latin, Una means "one". It all makes sense if you think about it - there is only *one* unicorn in my life and that only *one* is Una.We have been to Una twice in the last month, and I will say the Tiki Pizza is to die for.  It's busy, and it's small, I love the sparkling water on tap.  We had a fabulous wine the last time we were there I can't remember to save my life but it was amazing.
I highly recommend this place for pizza in Calgary - I can't decide if this is my favorite or Puccinella, just depends on the day!I hit this place and the take-out spot twice a week. Tops food and wine list and my favorite staff in the city - ask Stephen for an Old Fashioned, you won't be disappointed!service: a+
comfort: a+
wine list: a+
pizza: a+

and last but CERTAINLY not least, the BEST gluten-free pizza crust i have ever had. in fact, better than i ever dreamed it could be.One word - yummy!! We came for lunch and ordered caprese salad which was probably the best thing I've eaten in a long time. I could eat it every day. We also shared the broccolini which was also amazing. It had some spice to it, but it wasn't too bad. We shared the Margherita pizza which was also wonderful. The crust was super light and crispy and stayed crispy without getting soggy. I'd recommend using their house made chili oil on top of the pizza. It gave it a nice subtle heat and added wonderful flavor.I feel like there's no real point in writing another glowing review for UNA but I'll do it anyway. I've tried a bunch of their menu items at this point and some favourites include:

Mushroom pizza. Obviously if you do not like mushrooms you will not enjoy this pizza. But if you love fungi like I do then this pizza is a must try. The truffle oil is not too strong and there so many mushrooms. I think this one is my favourite.

Margherita pizza. A nice simple classic. But you can actually taste the fresh basil and there isn't an overwhelming amount of cheese or crappy tomato paste. This one would be my second choice for a lighter option.

Artichoke heart pizza. The sundried tomatoes are not overwhelming and the lemon zest is a nice light counter to the rich cheese.

Arugula nut pesto spread with sourdough bread. I don't think they make the bread themselves but it is amazing. The eggplant and roasted garlic spread is also quite good. 

I've tried their mealshare pizza and plates a few times and haven't loved the plates although the one Californian pizza I had was awesome. 

One pizza is more than enough for two people; although you shouldn't worry about leftovers because they still taste amazing the next day! 

I love coming to UNA; the ambience is lovely, the food is delicious, and the people are friendly. What's not to love?I did not expect to be eating some of the best pizza I've ever had in Calgary but Una Pizza delivers every time! If you are reading this review looking for a good pizza place to hit up tonight then stop your search right now as you've found it! 

You should have already stopped reading this review by now and be out of the door.The pizza was good - but not as good as the hype builds it up to be. It wasn't anything special. We ordered the prawn appetizer which was surprisingly sweet, and the waiter was nice enough to bring us extra bread. The peanut buttter chocolate terrine dessert was underwhelming. Overall it was a good meal, but for the price, the wait and the crowd the value wasn't really there.Great pizza! Amazing kale salad!!! Amazing service everytime I go! One of my favourites!!!OoOoH PiZzA!!! Calgary's Trendy and Local Hotspot. UNA serves the Best Pizza in Calgary, (For a Italian Thin Crust), The Margherita has always been my number 1, until this Summer and is now my #2, The 4-Maggi is now the My Best PiZzA In UNA, 4 cheese,drizzled w/truffle oil and Honey. Simply Delicious!! When I eat solo, I enjoy stool seating by the chef, watch them construct my pizzas and more. And table seating when in a group, or a Date. There seems to be low employee turnover and if you frequently eat here, the staff will begin to know you by name, the service is always great. I love that they offer water immediately and I end up drinking more water here than any other restaurant. Ok, so my recommendations are almost everything on the menu, I have a few of my favorites, the Flat Iron Steak is definitely great and shareable, the Pan Seared Wings are amazing, with a spicy Harissa sauce. Tagliatelle pasta is yummy, when I'm really hungry. But my overall favorites, sambuca prawns and sautéed cauliflower which I noticed are not on the menu anymore, may come back soon, their menu changes are great, they add new, take out some, always a great change. But the service and food remain always the same, GREAT!!!Don't ask me how I've made it this long living in Calgary without visiting Una. I know, I know. Redonculous. But sometimes things are just that much sweeter when you wait for them :).

Last Wednesday eve, we were attempting to find a spot to eat some noms. What's open late on a Wednesday around midnight? Why, Una is! Turns out, it's a 1am close time 7 nights a week.

If you know me, you know I abhor waiting for things.. this includes any long-ish lineups. And so often, where there is a lineup, there is no Wendy. That was the beauty of Una this late on a weekday. No lineup. Our choices of tables. And despite it being one hour before closing, food and service that remained consistent with its reputation.

I wish I could say I devoured my entire pizza. The truth is, I devoured half of it. Then I was full. It was breakfast the next morning though. I ordered the tiki pizza - double smoked bacon, shaved pineapple, san marzano tomato sauce, smoked mozzarella and jalapeno oil. As you may have heard, bacon makes everything better. And with a name like tiki, how can you not order it on a cold day if only to pretend you're somewhere warm that would have words like "tiki" on the menu?

Solid late night eats, Una. I'll be back.. maybe not during your busiest of eves... but back nonetheless.The 4-maggi pizza is literally the best pizza that I have ever had. When I lived in Calgary, my sister seriously wanted me to pick up a pizza and bring it on the plane back to Ottawa for her. People complain the that the wait can be long... It is long for a reason! The food is phenomenal. Definitely worth the wait.3.5/5, mainly because I've had better gourmet pizza for very similar prices. Having said that though, the atmosphere was very lively in this modern restaurant. Service was pretty fast, but keep in mind that it takes a while for the pizza to bake so don't come in starved (as we did)! Also, they DONT TAKE reservations and we had a wait time estimate of 1.5 hours on arrival at 7pm on a weekday. So, we opted for the counter seats which have pretty fast turnover. 
I had the prosciutto ($20) pizza, which came topped in deliciousssss arugula :D. The sauce was a little bland for me and I'm not a huge fan of super thin crust. But if you adore thin crust pizza, by all means this is the place to go. The portion was a decent amount and you could probably walk away with a 2-3 slices leftover (for lunch the next day :D) which was a bonus haha. 
Overall, I didn't find anything special about the restaurant as a visitor to Calgary, but the food was certainly decent.Well placed little pizza joint. This isn't your usual pizza. Thin crust, well chosen ingredients, little cheese. If you're looking for low chol/healthy pizza, and a very decent ambiance with wine/beer - this is a winner. Great date venue.My first stop when I arrived in Calgary and honestly I loved it !
The kale Caesar was fabulous and the 4 magio pizza w pecorino cheese and truffle oil and honey (I know doesn't sound great but so was) was one of the best pizzas ever!
Light and crispy tasty crust too!
I will be back!This place is tiny and needs to expand for how busy they are. The prosciutto and the tiki pizza are my go-tos. Tried the seared octopus and it was different than what I was expecting but still a great dish. We sat up at the bar in front of where they make the pizzas. Very clean kitchen, cooks looked like they were enjoying their jobs and interacted with us which made being crammed against the bar much more enjoyable.Una is impressive, since it doesn't seem that a place like this can exist in Calgary.  Good, unique food with a trendy setting and a great location.  The mushroom pizza is my favourite pizza, with the meatballs as a favourite appetizer.  One pizza, however, is probably too much for the average person, and I always have leftovers.

Also, the last time I went to una, there were four tables with children at the table.  It was slightly unnerving, since I did not expect them, and it is a rather expensive restaurant as well.  Though, they went rather unnoticed, as it is quite loud in the restaurant.My first stop when I arrived in Calgary and honestly I loved it !
The kale Caesar was fabulous and the 4-maggi  pizza w pecorino cheese and truffle oil and honey (I know doesn't sound great but so was) was one of the best pizzas ever!
Light and crispy tasty crust too!
I will be back!It was good to go on Thanksgiving eve, because there was not a wait for a table on a Sunday night.  

The octopus appetizer was a large tentacle of octopus.  It looked better than it tasted.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't interesting. 

One pizza was prosciutto and arugula, which appeared to be quite popular based on what all the other tables ordered.  Not sure why - it was boring.  If they offer the chili oil, take it.  That is great and adds the zing lacking in the pizza. The pepperoni was better, with more flavor.  The crusts were cooked well,but lacked flavor - salt and herbs would have helped.  The wine list was its best feature.UNA can be described in two words: trendy and delicious. The location, atmosphere and design were very hip, with a slight industrial feel, and yet you don't need to dress up that much. There was a little bit of a wait to get a table, but it was definitely worth it.

 Enough about the design...can we talk about the food?! The sourdough bread was delicious, served with very garlicky butter and salt, and the menu boasted other delectable items. I would have liked a bit more of a selection, but everything sounded so lovely and wonderful, I'm sure I would have had even more of a difficult decision to make had there been more choices. The pizza is quite possibly some of the best pizza I have eaten (and I've been fortunate enough to dine on pizza in Venice), and I loved the the toppings and sauces are not boring (sometimes it's nice to change from the same old Hawaiian). The price was reasonable, and the staff provided good service, and I must say, they were all pretty good looking, which is a nice bonus ;). 

I loved the vibe that UNA gave, and their food was amazing. I will definitely be returning in the future, either on a date or just a get together with my friends.I have been to Una a few times already. I went a couple weeks ago after 9 PM, got a seat right away at the bar. I ordered a walnut stuffed persian date - it was divine! Next I ordered the mushroom pizza - I always order this one! The next time I want to try their dessert!UNA has been worth the wait each and every time. Their servers match the excellent food and make the whole experience top notch. The thin crust pizza's have several levels of full flavor and are deceptively filling. I'm partial to the lamb merguez, which doesn't seem to be on the menu anymore, but their Tiki is also to die for. Prosciutto replaces ham in this Hawaiian ode and the drizzle of jalapeno oil really pops with the sweetness of the pineapple and the prosciutto's saltiness.

Their salad's are sizable and great to share, go for the kale caesar! Another must try is their roasted broccoli, which may change the way you view this veggie. Caramelized flavors, nutty and bright walnut vinaigrette with a touch of sharpness from grated pecorino. Writing about it makes me want to go there tomorrow.

Ambience is warm and intimate. It's always crowded but everyone is chatting so you never really notice the proximity of your fellow diners. As always it's fun to sit at the bar since watching the action is also great entertainment.

I've been very pleased with their wine selection for both the glass and bottle. It is pizza after all so it's affordable to find quality bottles.

UNA is a consistent staple and great for late bites as well, if you haven't been, go and go again!One of the best finds ever!!  Absolutely amazing food and a very friendly and inviting atmosphere.

Close your eyes point one of meal on menu and choose,you won't be disappointed. Anything you choose, you will find here with great quality and good service.

All in all, great food. Everything I've eaten here so far has been super tasty!While in Calgary we were looking for somewhere to eat pizza, at the same time we wanted to find somewhere local. We found this restaurant on Yelp and thought we would give it a try and we are so glad we did! The service was great, the atmosphere was authentic and the food was amazing!!! You can't go wrong ordering the Mozzarella balls and any of the pizzas, there is so much flavor in all of it. You can't go wrong if you try it here.We finally had a chance to stop in at UNA for lunch today. It definitely lived up to the hype! My husband and I shared the sausage pizza, a baby gem lettuce salad, and finally the peanut butter + chocolate terrine.

Everything was delicious and fresh. The service was friendly and attentive and there is a great vibe to the place. It's fun without being pretentious. You get the feeling that you could ask your server what "friulano" is without anyone looking down their nose at you. The pink peppercorn dressing on the salad was as good as it sounds and I loved the fennel sausage.

Maybe strange for a pizza place, but the peanut butter + chocolate terrine blew my MIND. It was sooo good. It had house made marshmallow on top and roasted peanuts. It was heaven. Order it, you won't regret it! We will definitely be back.2-stars.  I can't help but wonder why Una Pizza + Wine is always so busy...  Oh yes, this is Calgary where most people don't realize a $20 12-inch pizza and $8 glass of "house" wine is highway robbery.  Maybe on occasion I will spend $15 on some kale, panko, a boiled egg, deli meat and cheese because I'm a man and quite frankly I hate making salads :)  However, paying ($15-$21) for a dry, thin crust pizza that is lacking in flavour and ingredients is right above getting my scrotum waxed on my priorities list.

Una doesn't take reservations.  Why not you ask?  Well because they don't really need to.  There are plenty of suckers walking along 17th ave at all hours day and night, so there!  I was coaxed into going here one day.  There were two of us so we were seated in the only available non-hour-long-wait space; the "chef's counter" aka, in front of the sweltering hot oven.  The air quality in the restaurant isn't the best to start off with and sitting in front of the hot oven made it worse.  However, we didn't feel like waiting an hour (BTW we walked right in).  The smell of baked dough is good at first but then you end up wanting to go outside after a few minutes to the carbon monoxide fest on 17th ave for some fresh air.  I'm a pineapple-in-my-pizza kind of guy so I ordered the "tiki" ($17); my friend ordered the mushroom ($20).  I ordered a glass of the house white ($8) as well.  I'm not a wine connoisseur so I won't comment on how good or bad it was.  All I can say is that I couldn't "tell the difference" so they could've been serving a $10 bottle of something or a $40 bottle of something and I wouldn't be any of the wiser.  I have a feeling it's not the latter.

Our pizza came out in a short while (10-15min.).  They have a fancy tray device where you can put one tray on top of another at the same table, a smart idea!  The tiki pineapple was sliced paper thin so it became really dry and hard to taste.  The sauce was mediocre and the crust was dry.  The mushroom was only slightly better ($3 better perhaps?).  It came out with arugula and supposedly tuffle oil; I couldn't taste it.  I only had 3 slices but I felt really bloated after eating there.

Ok, on to the good thing (singular):

Una's service is great (4-stars here, hence 2-stars overall).  Everyone is polite.  The service staff and the host staff are amazing and they run the place like a well oiled machine.

Una is part of the BMeX group of restaurants (see my Native Tongues Taqueria review) and I'm starting to see a trend with them.  They like to hire young, hip staff, design a visually stunning dining area and then deliver a mediocre product.

I'm not returning anytime soon.This is a great spot in downtown calgary, lively, always good service and good food! A little on the higher priced but worth it. Great environment and crowd.We are visiting from Toronto for the Stampede and Una was recommended to us. We had such a great meal! Everything was beyond delicious and our server Lindsey was amazing! Recommended a great wine and was so attentive to us. Will for sure be back when we are in Calgary next.Got to kill a few more restaurants off my Calgary bookmarks this weekend and UNA was at the top of the list. I've heard lots of great things and I wasn't let down.

For a Sunday night the place was packed. When I arrived around 7pm there wasn't a table to be found and only a couple spots at the bar. Believe what the other reviewers say about having to wait a while for a table.

My dining companion was under the weather so I ended up eating alone. But this worked out well in the end. I ended up sitting at the bar right in front of the counter where the food sits to go out to the tables. I probably saw the entire menu go right by me during my visit. Everything looked delicious and made it a little harder to make my decision on what to order.

First up I needed a beer to go with my dinner. They have Wild Rose on tap which is great as I like to get my fill of WR and Big Rock when I'm in town. Unfortunately their taps were out of order. The waiter quickly made the suggestion to try Alhambra, a Spanish beer. It was an excellent substitution, so excellent I had two!

For dinner I went with the prosciutto pizza. The toppings were very simple and cooked to perfection. The prosciutto was just starting to get crispy on the edges but still tender. The handful of fresh arugula they throw on top of the pizza was an interesting twist and added a welcoming flavour to the pie.

As I enjoyed my dinner I saw a few desserts go by. One I particular caught my eye. After perusing the dessert menu I found out it was the sticky toffee pudding, one of my favourite desserts. The cake was extremely moist and had a nice crispy edge. For $9 it was a healthy size portion. I would recommend sharing this one.

My waiter was great, making sure I had everything I needed and adding some idle chit-chat, asking how I was enjoying everything and what I thought.

I left stuffed and happy, just the way any restaurant should make you feel.Jan25/17 was probably our worst visit since Una opened! The waitress sucked and dressed sleazy. I thought Una was an upscale Pizza Joint? T'Was their 'birthday days' with discounts which was unexpected but saw the staff drinking wine at the bar and they definitely ignored us and were more interested in Socializing together! Unprofessional in my mind.Service sucked big time! Waitress missed ordering one of our appetizers meant to occupy our little person at the table and frankly the mushroom pizza had far too many mushrooms!... like a blanket- Yuk! Our birthday dinner for my daughter sucked!Hope you make your next Birthday-- I won't be going backUNA makes my top 3 for pizza in Calgary. Great service, unique and delicious pizza plus a solid wine selection. The space is modern and hip, cozy yet comfortable. 
UNA is always busy- go early if you want a table or be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes on a Wednesday-Saturday night.First time at Una's and we were all WOW! 
The appetizer that I think everyone should try is the walnut wrapped date with prosciutto drizzled with balsamic vinegar. The most amazing appetizer you have ever had! The flavours all all there, salty, sweet, sour. I suggest you get two because one will NOT be enough!
We had the Margarita (I have had better Margarita pizza in Calgary) and the Ukrainian Special. The way that they layered the sour cream, fingerling potatoes, double smoked bacon, provolone cheese and leeks on this one was a hit!
We thought we didn't have room for dessert but our son wanted to try the cheescake and we are so glad we did. Dessert in a jar? Who knew it could be so delicious! Creamy texture, no bake and great graham crust. Every day is a special topping and we got strawberry. 
You've got to try this place! Go early, like 4:00 on a weekday. No lines, no waiting. Same menu. GREAT service!Chilli oil, yes.

Truffle honey, yes. 

Any pizza, in my mouth now. 

Peach cheesecake in a jar, magical. 

You can never go wrong at Una. Great service. Fantastic bar and drink selections. Best tasting pizza I've ever had. I eat until I want to puke. And then I eat more.Atmosphere: 5/5
Service: 4/5
Food: 4/5
Overall experience: 4/5

Went there on the weekend and the place was packed.  My date and I ate at the bar and had an excellent time.  The atmosphere was friendly, music was trendy and the food was good quality.

If you want a surprise...order a diet coke...I dare you!I've been frequenting this late night (open until 1am daily) pizzeria since 2011, and have not had a disappointing visit to date! Ordered the mushroom pizza, containing: roasted cremini mushrooms, truffle oil, smoked mozzarella + grana padano cheese, fresh arugula.

The roasted mushrooms give the pizza a "meatiness" without the animal, and the bite of the arugula cuts through the mushroom's umami and unctous of the smoked mozzarella. 

Getting both complimentary chili flakes and chili oil provide two different kinds of "kick" to your pizza experience: the flakes adding the smokey heat, the oil giving a slight tang when drizzling on your crispy thin pizza crust.

Highly recommend sitting at the bar when eating solo: the energizing vibe with old school playlists and engaging conversations with fellow bar-loungers will only heighten your UNA experience :)It's a personal space where you're forced to converse with the people you walked through the doors with, which I think is the point. There's generally a wait, but they're more than willing to text or tweet you when your seat is ready. The service is good. The atmosphere is good. The food is good. Can't really as for much more.Was invited on a date here, and I definately would recomend it for small groups, like 2...up to 4 max. It's small, but well designed to get more out of the space than what it used to be, which was the Wicked Wedge. 

For early evening, it was respectable busy, and it wasn't a long wait for our table. Although I do hear later in the evening, around 7pm, it gets hard to just walk in and get a table quickly. The decor reminded me of a little eatery I went to it Harlem, NYC (yes, I was in Harlem, no it's not dangerous) - so bonus points for that.

UNA brings you small carafe's of Q water - as if regular water isn't good enough! - but it is much cheaper than brand name waters.

I ordered a lycheetini, which common sense tells you is a lychee martini, which quickly made me light headed, in a good way, but it's a good thing the pizzas we ordered were on time! The pizzas were both amazing. If you like thin crust, Italian style pizza, this is your place.

 I would say pricing for two, without liquor runs at $25-30 per person.

For dessert we shared a creamy panna cotta, which hit the spot.

All in all this is a great place. Just a note, if you want good pizza in a swanky, slightly hipster environment, this is for you. If you're less into the 'scene' and want a cheaper, more DIY version of the above, minus the 'special' water, then go to Famoso Neapolitana nearby on 4th street.

Ah yes, they get extra points for the wicked music playing in the washroom.The boyfriend and I waited over an hour to be seated... and I have never been so satisfied after waiting so long. A wine bar with unbelievable hand crafted pizza.. why aren't there more of these? The wine we had was amazing and the pizza was even better. God this place is great, they cook some of their pizza's with truffle oil - how amazing is that?

UNA is a tiny place, so there isn't much space to sit, and they don't take reservations. All of these factors contribute to it being similar to any wine bar you walk into in NYC. NYC stole my heart, and so does this place. I crave their pizza weekly, if not daily. Best part is they offer take-out, although I think part of the experience is sitting at the bar and watching them design your pizza. 

Cozy and quaint, UNA really brings something fresh to Calgary, which I really appreciate. I love the art work in this place and adore that they dim the lights and light candles; very romantic. If you haven't been to UNA, you need to go... seriously, go. 

UNA, I am forever yours!The pizza here is so delicious! My husband and I try to head there on our anniversary every year. We haven't been with our toddler, so I'm not sure how well they deal with small children. The thing I like best about this restaurant is how they take names down for waiting. Since they're on the Red Mile, they allow you to head out for a cocktail and will phone you when your table is ready. This is the best concept I have ever come across because they allow for your evening to be fun from the start and not force you to wait in the cold or in their small entryway.I never, never, NEVER have a bad experience with UNA. Dine-in or take out, they are always super friendly, professional, and the food is made perfectly every time. I love the rotation of specials as well, and when you're sitting down for meal you're guaranteed to have a great waiter who is keen to keep you satisfied. 

For anyone who is looking to try it for the first time, the Beltline is great for meat lovers, and the maple syrup just perfects it. It's a close contender to their famous 4maggi!! And for anyone looking for something other than pizza, they have a fantastic kale Caesar salad topped with prosciutto and a hard boiled egg that is to die for. 

UNA, I love you. You're solid as a rock, never change.

Edit ** about the no reservations thing, I've never had too many issues with grabbing a table walking right in but I do tend to go late? And if there's a wait it's quite fast. There's also plenty of places to waste time next door as well!Great pizza here! Nice crust and toppings. Only negitive comment would be the tables are tiny!Possibly my favorite restaurant in the whole world! I absolutely love love love this place. The service is always amazing plus waiters are super cute :) I have never ordered a bad thing from the menu. The meatballs are a favourite and the Tiki pizza is delicious! Try the prosciutto wrapped dates they are also so yummy. 

Usually the wait is long but it is not really an issue because you can give them your cell phone number and I'll call you when you have a table ready. You can't really go wrong eating here.This review is delayed, but I remember it like it was yesterday...

My boyfriend and I decided to go out for a 4 month anniversary lunch one Saturday afternoon.  When we got inside the doors of Una, I was surprised to see a line up.  I understand a busy dinner rush, but a weekend lunch rush?  This place MUST be good.  Fortunately we didn't have to wait long, and even if we did they let you roam along 17th freely and will call your cell phone when your table is ready.  How awesome is that?

We sat up at the bar and witnessed all the action that took place, the cooks hustling and bustling in their narrow kitchen area, the bartender putting lots of love into his drinks, and the servers diligent and un-phased by the rush of people.  Despite how busy Una was, it certainly didn't reflect in the relaxed and fun ambience that we experienced.

We ordered 2 long island iced teas, that were the best we've had yet, I really appreciate the fact that they don't do fountain pop.  All their pop comes straight out of individual glass bottles, which I think adds a cool little flare of authenticity to the place.  

A decision on their Swiss Chard pizza was a brilliant one.  It had double smoked bacon, wilted swiss chard, goat feta, and provolone piccante.  It was nothing short of delectable, I can still taste the fresh and savouriness of the zza, a melt in your mouth type of experience if you will.

We left Una that afternoon completely satisfied and with the perfect buzz to carry on along 17th.This place is always packed with trendy young people and I heard a lot of good things about it. So we decided to give it a try, especially after our trip to Italy, we are eager to find good pizza in Calgary. However, our pizza came out way too salty and we didn't enjoy it. However, we did drink lots of wine to wash off the salt. My husband joked that they must've intentionally put so much salt so they can sale more wine. LOL.

Anyways, we have experienced much better pizza in town, so unfortunately this one is a no for us. 
As for the good value and good taste pizza that actually like the ones we had in Italy, go down a few blocks and go to Giuseppe's Italian Market in Victoria Park.We were asked to leave the bar due to no fault of our own!
We put our name on the list and asked the hostess if we could sit at the bar until ready.  Half a beer in, the manager "asked" (really told us) to drink our beer in the tiny cramped entrance of the restaurant as the bar was for people ordering pizza. REALLY? I explained the conversation I had with the hostess and the manager insisted we vacate the bar.
We left the restaurant, beers unfinished and astonished of such terrible treatment of patrons.
If you want a pizza in a hugely busy place with condescending staff, look no further and enjoy the offerings of this well below average establishment.
BTW the wine list is nothing special.Grand re-opening day after the flooding. We had not been here before!
Overall, we enjoyed it!
5pm, the restaurant opened. Everyone quickly filed in ( first come first served, no resos taken here)! 
There are only 2 seats outside so of course they went first but we enjoyed the interior as well. We got a booth seat.
Service was great, attentive.
We wanted to try the meatball appy but that was apparently the one thing that could not be prepped today so we went with the prawn appy with sambuca sauce. Fresh shrimp, very yummy and the sauce - so creative! 
There was a good selection of starters and salads. The salads that came out looked amazing! 
We also ordered a Margarita pizza that was recommended. 
Also very good and if you ask, they will bring out a bit of shredded cheese and chili oil that is out of this world. It came with whole chilis to compliment it. (no charge for these little items which was nice) 
I also liked to have my choice of water that was offered so there is not a water charge slapped on the bill as is the trend at other downtown places. (tap, sparkling or still)
The pizza had a really nice thin crust - the soggy center seems to be the norm these days at Italian eateries? Not a pizza to take home as it would be a gooey mess but great for sharing and devouring there. (I recommend for 2 people, sharing 1 appy and 1 pizza. The pizza has 8 slices, 12")
The place is intimate, on the smaller side but there is lots of seating at the bar. It is set up for eating.
I personally would not bring kids to a wine bar but 2 wee ones were seated next to us and it just changed the whole scene.
We skipped dessert and coffee and hit up the candy store 2 doors down!
Would return to Una. I would like to try their pasta dishes!WOW that is some really fantastic pizza! Came here early on a Sunday afternoon, the place was starting to get busy. I can see why everyone wants to eat here. We started off with the toasted sourdough bread with jalapeno oil and salt. OMG I love sourdough but this just took it to a whole new level. It was like heaven in my mouth. Nicely toasted tasting super fresh and the oil gives it just a little bit of heat. I highly recommend it.

Next we had the Tiki pizza again I was blown away how amazing it was. Crispy prosciutto, thinly shaved pineapple, jalapeno, cheese. Wow I want more just thinking about it. An excellent balance between the sweet from the pineapple and spicy from the jalapeno. You really need to order it.

The only reason I took off a star was because we got a half liter of sangira and it cost twice as much as the pizza. It was alright but not worth the hefty price tag. Also our server was just alright, nothing really memorable.I have eaten at this restaurant twice in the last two months and each time it was truly outstanding! Not only is the food totally delicious, but the service from JENNA is EXCEPTIONAL. She is so professional; so kind and caring! It is really a privilege to be served by her! The restaurant could not have a better and more conscientious employee!  Right now 17th avenue is under construction, making it difficult to get into UNA...But it is really worth the effort!The pizza is really great. If you get an appetizer, definitely enough to share between a couple people. It was packed, but food didn't take long at all.Pizza could be a religion. This could possible be the Church of Pizza. There are two great spots for pizza in my books, Una and Cilantro, interesting how they are a little over a block away from each other. Every single time, I fall in love all over again with Una. Tom Petty sings "Waiting is the hardest part"... but Una make waiting easy. They take down your number, you can grab a drink at a pub (there are numerous around), they call you, and your good to go. 

I dream about their kale cesar salad, olives and its always a toss up between the mushrooms and the 4 maggi. Hell get it all if you have a good amount of people with you. And wine, wine and more wine. 

It doesn't hurt that the staff is wonderful and easy on the eyes.This place deserves a short but sweet review. The service was low key, quick, and friendly. I liked that the non-pretentious but respectful attitude matched the interior and vibe of the restaurant. I shared 4 different pizzas with the table - you can't go wrong, they were all delicious. Service was quick. They have a great little patio in the summer if you're looking to people watch. Drink menu is great, and they serve an assortment of Wild Rose brews. 

I'd recommend this for smaller groups, first and second date, and catching up with a friend.Best pizza in the city, hands down. If you haven't tried it, you are missing out on something absolutely wonderful!It's hard to get in here but when you do, the food is worth the wait. It's redundant of me to sing the praises of Una because I've never actually heard anyone say anything bad about the place except that it's too small. Even though you're going to have to wait for your table, you can put your name down then go have a drink nearby (National? Ship?) and they'll call you when your table is ready. Food is incredible, and they have a great wine selection.This place is fantastic. The staff are all super friendly and the service is quick. Everything on the menu is amazing - seriously, don't worry about choosing the wrong thing because it's all delicious!! My fave is the zucchini - it's a great starter and a little unexpected. Affordable, not pretentious, amazing food!We had one night in our trip where we had no plans and could choose any place in town. Between location and what we were in the mood for, this place won out. 

What was a bit of a surprise was the atmosphere. Cramped and loud. With an infant it wasn't ideal but even without her it was a struggle to hear my wife. Luckily they had outdoor seating which was a million times better despite the road construction. 

In terms of food, I'm not a fan of Caesar salads but this one was one for the ages. Kale was the perfect leaf and the whole thing was the bomb.  Additionally we had the honey ricotta. Another absolutely fantastic dish. Our entree was the 4 meat pizza. It was good but wasn't mind blowing like the other two. We agreed next time we'd skip the pizza and go with the apps!I've been here several times and have yet to be disappointed. I always order the same thing: kale salad, a couple of bacon wrapped dates and the four cheese pizza. For two people, this is more than enough food. The patio is fun for people watching. The last time, we saw an almost car accident and a few pedestrians ask if they could try our pizza. The only negative is the obnoxious sound of super loud motorcycles, but hopefully with the new noise bylaw, this will disappear. Still one more month of patio weather!Visiting from California. Found on Yelp. Mushroom pizza very good. Butter lettuce salad fearful. Nice wine selection. Loud atmosphere. Service just ok. Took long time for pizza to be ready. Good food, poor service.Food is great I love truffle oil.  Usually packed so make a reservation or have a back up plan.  Love their olive appetizer.  Obey the waiting que or get yelled at.  The rest of the staff were fantastic.  Good fit for a first date and wine prices are right.Best pizza in town. Great kale salad. Pair it with some wine and your evening will be one for the books. A cool spot for a date, or for a squad gathering. 
No resos, so make sure you plan and go early.Love the pizza.
The dough is just lovely. 
between 4 people you can definitely share 2 pizzas which is a shame cuz I wanted to try them all!!

Sat near the 'window' area of the open patio and it was nice cuz it felt like a patio but you were still inside. 

as many have said, ask for the chili garlic oil. :)Ingredients are fresh however the crust isn't the best - shallow flavor profile in my humble opinion.

Will not hesitate to return if I crave a simple slice of thin crust pizza but did not blow me awayI love UNA it's always packed, it's local and the food is superb. I wish we had more places like this in Calgary especially in the far south but the city taxes businesses to death so I can see why. My favorite pizza is the cheese it may sound boring but it's anything but. Deliciously crisp thin crust with a cheesy goodness top, honey and a touch of truffle oil... Divine. Kale Cesar is top notch and I can go on and on. Wine choices are unique and I heard they just opened up a wine and takeout side. Run don't walk to 17th and enjoy this gem. Bonus- ask for the special hot oil sauce. Guaranteed to kick up your taste buds.Feeling hungrier than Bam Bam Bigelow myself and some mates hopped on our fixies and we lurked hard like our name was Rick Ross . We ended up at UNA and I must say we were quite delighted. In a city , where meat and more meat is the norm for pizza this is a pleasant change. The last time I had a potato pizza I was in Brooklyn , and I must say the UNA experience was not only comparable , but  exceed my Brooklyn experience. The idea of potato on a pizza might sound unsettling ,  like a Van Morrison-Geto Boys mix , yet the juxtaposition of two things that inherently should not mix --creates something very beautiful.Great vibe, great food and good service. It's about time Calgary got quality eatery that is open late night!Great lively atmosphere and food. Just slightly too crowded for my liking though. Pizza is thin-crust and there are plenty of options to choose from. I would come back for sure.We went early, as we know this place fills up fast. Were given a nice spot by the window, and were attended to right away by our super friendly server. I was a little disappointed they were out of their "Beltline" pizza, as that's the one I wanted to try, but the Mushroom pizza I went with was great. Crimini mushrooms, arugula, fresh parm, truffle oil, fantastic. My friend went with the Tiki, which had prociutto, pineapple, and what looked like a jalapeño relish. Also tasty. Our sever never let our drinks get lower than half, and talked us into a peanut butter and chocolate terrine. Peanut butter and chocolate together can do no wrong, ever, so that was also a hit. Overall, we had a great dinner, and will be back to try other things on the menu!Yum yum yum. Went here for anniversary. Had Prosciutto pizza, kale ceasar salad and chicken pate appetizer. Portions are very generous, hubby and I shared everything and we had food left over. The wine is also very good, had the zinfendel. That pate tho!! Seriously delicious combo of chicken pate with sweet decadent figs and mustard with a side of warm buttered bread- pair with a red wine- unbelievable burst of flavor. Their desert was a bit of a dud though (hazelnus chocolate cake)- a bit dry but the rest of the meal made up for it!!Amazing thin crust pizza with unique flavor combinations, casual atmosphere, excellent service - what more could you ask for?!  We stopped by UNA twice during our trip to Calgary and were pleasantly surprised by the taste of fresh ingredients - we especially loved the Beltline pizza, and the hint of maple syrup to finish the pizza made it perfect.  We stopped by on a Sunday when they had their $5 specials and got the Kale Caesar Salad, which was delicious, in addition to their wonderful pizza! So keep tabs on their social media for any specials and enjoy!3.5 stars. Being a big Ox & Angela fan, I had high expectations for Una, as they have the same owners. The perpetual waiting list (they don't take reservations) also contributes to the expectations. Alas, I can only give it three stars for the food, four for the service. We started with the prosciutto wrapped, walnut stuffed dates. Served with flaked salt and a sweet reduced wine drizzle, these bites were a tasty start. 

The main attraction though, the pizza, was just okay. The crust was a bit reticent and dry for my liking. The four cheeses version was decent, after all, it has lots of cheese! Notwithstanding the 4-cheese, the pizza options here don't have a lot of cheese, nor much of any sauce according to their menu descriptions. The weekly special was also lacking. The special consisted of smoked mozzarella, kale, lamb, and an Eastern European eggplant spread. Unfortunately, this combo was pretty bland. The server was kind enough to bring out some honey upon my request (if you haven't tried this, you're missing out). When I got the leftovers home, I added Harissa paste and crumbled goat feta, now that made it a pizza with flavour pop!  

I must say that the service was very good (including the waitress slyly Googling "amaro" from behind the bar after I asked for one), and the staff managed to seat us earlier than expected.  The pizza flavours though didn't wow me like I expected based on the popularity of this joint.I have been a fan of this place for a while, but the last time I went seemed different. It seems as if they recreated their crust to be a little more bread like which offered more of a crunch to every bite. I usually prefer this over the usual "pita-like" crust because sometimes I find it too hard. I have always been a fan of the atmosphere too. Definitely one of the best spots on 17th Ave.The kale Caesar salad is great, pizzas are usually quite good, and the peanut butter mousse dessert is incredible. Service is friendly and attentive, and they usually play an audiobook of Last Exit to Brooklyn in the bathroom. What more could you ask for?

Oh, and I hear Tron from Fubar applied to be a dishwasher here.Good for these guys......to take on the wicked wedge space on 17th would be tough.

Simple elegant space and you can see its about the food experience....we just grabbed our first take out pizzas and it was pretty tasty.

Get out and support them. Calgary needs more unpretentious spots to stop and chat and eat....I suggest to get the salami pizza it was one of the best pizza I have had in my life.Been to UNA a good amount over the past few year, always a good atmosphere and the food is consistently great!  Great time to go on the summer when on a stroll on 17th ave!Amazing pizza. Restaurant was busy thus being rather hot in there. Warm temps outside don't help.I'm a huge fan of thin crust napoletana style pizza, and I have enjoyed the pizzas at UNA on more than one occasion. The atmosphere is a great mix of trendy and casual. The staff are very friendly and they know the menu very well. 

On my most recent visit to UNA, I came with my mom and sister for a Sunday afternoon lunch. My mom forgot her reading glasses and the server was so kind in helping her choose a wine. He even brought a small sample glass before bringing the full glass. I ordered a Caipirinha, which was made with crushed ice and very refreshing. The three of us shared the pesto pizza and the prosciutto pizza. I loved the pesto pizza; the goat feta and zucchini were great together. The prosciutto pizza was good too, but I prefer the prosciutto/arugula version at Pulcinella. Must be because it has more arugula and also has cherry tomatoes. 

Every time I go to UNA, my table mates never want to try any of the bar food items or share plates. One day I will try those meatballs! 

My only complaint about UNA is that it is just so dang busy. I've come a few different evenings at peak dinner hour and the wait was over an hour! I'm happy the restaurant is doing well, but when I get to a restaurant, I'm usually too hungry to wait an hour to be seated. I was pleased to get in right away this past Sunday at lunch, I'll probably stick to lunch time or late night visits to UNA from now on.

Quirky note: They were playing a Harry Potter book on tape in the Ladies  washroom on Sunday afternoon! Made me giggle when I realized what the loud deep voice was reading from.Tried two kinds of pizza here the Beltline and Maggi pizza. So I loved the Maggi pizza the most. It was a bit greesy and yes it was also kind of too sweet. Overall, I really like the truffle taste of it. Beltline was not bad. First reaction when I saw it, I was like where is the meat. 

The good thing about Una is for $5, they will deliver. But they will only deliver in downtown area only. 

If you were to dine there, the restaurant is very small. Also its very busy. Will need to make a reservation for sure.This is a great place to go to grab a glass of wine and enjoy some high quality food.The restaurant itself is a little small, but they are efficient with bringing out main dishes right after first courses and cleaning tables once someone leaves. The atmosphere overall is a little loud, but the wait staff is extremely friendly and makes sure to provide a pleasant experience.

As far as food goes, there are a lot of options. UNA handles dietary restrictions very well. As a vegan, it can feel troublesome to request modifications; however, our waitress was very willing to accommodate and was communicative with the kitchen about my order. We started with the broccolini as an appetizer (without cheese). For my main, I ordered the veggie pizza with gluten free crust (their regular crust contains honey) and without the roasted red pepper purée (it contains butter). Our waitress didn't initially know that the roasted red peppers contained butter and the kitchen made a pizza with it on; however, once they recognized I wanted a vegan pizza, they were quick to communicate with my waitress and start on an entirely new pizza without my asking. That level of service is not something you see very often and I would highly recommend UNA to any locals or visitors of Calgary.

Overall, it's a great place to grab a bite to eat with your friends. The section of 17th Ave that it sits on is full of cute little shops and restaurants.My wife and I had a veggie pizza with sun dried tomatoes, honey , mushrooms, friulano and feta cheese which was so flavourful and light. Service was polite and attentive. Had a Trolley No.5 Upbeat wheat beer which awesome with citrus tones. Would come back here.Must try pizza in the city. Tried few others that were supposed to be "best in town" before ending up here and I loved it!
Had the veggie pizza with House red wine and they went well together! Great service. They have a cute patio. There is some work being done on the streets so not much of a view from there.This place is always our go-to place whenever we come down from Edmonton. The pizza are awesome, the ingredients are fresh and wine pairing are delicious. I've tried almost all their pizzas. The wings are nice as well, but the pizza the superstar. The ambiance is nice and the crowd is smart. Servers are always nice and upbeat and make great recommendations. Absolutely love it here!We went with our lovely servers recommendation when we were here for supper a couple weekends ago and we are sure glad that we did! 
We were torn between the Quatro fromagi pizza and the prosciutto and arugula, so our server recommended adding prosciutto to the Quatro fromagi. 
What an excellent idea! The crust is reminiscent of true Italian thin crust and toppings were interesting and flavourful. The house made chili sauce adds a nice bit of heat without being overwhelmingly spicy. 

Honorable mentions to our starter prawns in sambucca sauce. Prawns were cooked perfectly but come with 5. A little pricey for 5 prawns. 

Thrilled to see some okanagan wines on the list. 

Overall we will return to try some of the other pizzas on the list. Service was one of the best we have had in the city so far.I could have sworn I reviewed UNA, but....I guess not! I remember the day we decided to come here was a snow day and it was literally the only day that didn't have a wait list at the time!

Upon arrival it was still quite busy inside, I think there was only 2-3 tables open, but we got sat right away.

I ordered a glass of wine and eyed up the choices. We went with stuffed dates to start and the prosciutto pizza. I remember thinking the dates were ok... better at Ox and Angela. The pizza... it was good, but I didn't think it was anything to rave about.

I like the space, I think it's cute inside but I think UNA's popularity is more word of mouth then the actual food itself.Believe it or not, I just went here for the first time a couple days ago. The hype is real. They are always busy for a reason. They are seriously slaying it everyday. The pizza is bomb ass with that tangy San marzano tomato sauce. So simple and so incredibly delicious. Kale Caesar was also exquisite with a nice light dressing and fluffy generous portion of fresh kale. Lovely. I also recommend the bread and eggplant garlic spread. Stay awesome.We arrived mid rush on a Friday night and were greeted by Tom the host. He was very helpful and took my number so he could call us once a table once open. We then went down the street to the Ship and Anchor and waited. Not long after that we headed back to check since I had a hockey game at 11pm and we didn't have much time. Tom said he was just clearing a table and was about to call and took us in almost right away. Great timing!

Our server was great, she came by often and kept the table clean and clear of unneeded items. The first dish was the meatballs, they were a little more dry then we expected but the sauce was superb. We then got the pizza, mushroom pizza with truffle oil, arugla, parm cheese, and crimini mushrooms. The aroma coming off of it was amazing! We also got the winter squash risotto. While the pizza was a hit the risotto left something to be desired. It lacked salt and pepper, key things in my mind when it comes to risotto, and the rice was clearly at least a day old. It was breaking and had a chalky interior to it rather then a nice fresh rice. Too bad as we both love eating and making risotto. Later on I mentioned the pepper issue to our server and she was apologetic then engaged me in a nice chat about likes and dislikes when it comes to pepper. 

The atmosphere of the place is nice, busy, and a great place for people watching. All in all a great choice for dinner but next time we will try another dish instead of the risotto.I was visiting in town for a friends wedding and we all stumbled upon this place late Sunday night. Service is very prompt and pizzas are tasty. You definitely can finish one pizza person and don't be alarmed by the high wait times. Service moves fast and you would be surprised how quick you will get a table.Awesome pizza - that's what we were here for and that's what we got.

We won't be here the last time.The food here is awesome visited from Vancouver and I was sceptical about food with honey but the 4 cheese pizza proved me wrong. It was so good and had so much fun with my friends. The only downside is that they don't have pitchers but it's just a small thing in the endOne of my favourite places to bring friends visiting the city! Great service, great food, great location! The only thing is I can agree its a little on the pricey end of the spectrum for pizza but it is very authentic and unique.The selection of pizza was quite vast, and there are options aside from pizza. The wine selection was also broad. However, I found it a bit pricey. $40 for a pizza and plate of kale salad. Money aside, the salad was very flavorful, and the prosciutto pizza tasted great. Nice atmosphere and selection of food. I recommend it.Una pizza is a regular go to for myself and my partner for date nights. The food is excellent and the service is usually great. Sometimes on busy nights you will be waiting a long time for your food. My go to order is the mushroom truffle oil pizza and I add prosciutto :)The pizza is so tasty and their salads are great! My son even loves their pizzas. I really love the unique drinks they offer here as well. Service is great. Atmosphere is great. Love UNA!!Definitely one of the better pizza options in the area. A lively and usually happening place, with decent prices and great quality food and service.

On the busy nights, be prepared for a long wait before you get a table!The pizza is sooooo delicious here! I'm going to crave the 4-maggi forever. It's loaded with cheese, honey, and truffle oil, but tastes amazingly light. I've been here a few times with friends and the prices are really fair and you can get a cheap meal if you split, too. Otherwise, the tagliatelle, lamb meatballs was good, and I've tried most of their pizzas, which are all quite good. I can't remember the name specifically, but I never thought that arugula could taste so good on pizza. Then again, I've never been to Italy. I can't tell what's authentic, but this definitely more so than Domino's. I can't wait to try the desserts! My friends were pretty mad that we got jipped into paying extra for their fancy house Q-water, though. I can't say if that's worth. 

I don't know if it's just my odd times -I go in the late afternoon- but every time I go there hasn't really been a wait and we were always able to get seating (for groups ranging form 2-6 people).One of my favorite restaurants in Calgary, Una just works.  

I recently had out of town guests in from Australia and took them to Una before a fun evening out.  We started out as 3 (our 4th person was late) and thus immediately ordered the pork and veal meatballs (1 each).  They are generously sized and served in an amazing tomato sauce and with bread for dipping up all that extra sauce.  When our 4th person finally showed up, we decided we needed more meatballs and our server asked if we'd like the order to include an extra meatball.  I love when servers just 'get it' and ours was exceptional the entire night.

We also had an order of the broccolini, and several bites of the daily pintxo (pronounced pincho).  All excellent.

For our pizza, our server recommended the Pesto pizza (normally vegetarian) and suggested we add proscuitto to it.  This is going to be my new go-to pizza there.  All the flavors just worked so well together.

I wish we would have had room to try out more of their fantastic menu, but by this point we were full from both fantastic food and wine.

Whether for a dinner with friends, a date, or a lunch with co-workers, this is a great spot that's consistently excellent in food, wine, and service - a rarity in the Calgary dining scene.Friends had recommended this place to me, so when I visited Calgary, I decided to stop by!  Boy was I pleasantly surprised!  Although I wasn't able to get a table, we ordered from the Una takeout side and was definitely one of the best pizzas I have eaten!Chic atmosphere. Nice salads. Friendly waitstaff.  Love the wall photos and bathrooms. 

Oh, and if you like overpriced, cardboard, frozen-tasting pizza, this is the place for you. 

It did taste better the next day when microwaved and when no other food was an option.

Sorry, my sophisticated, Calgarian friends, but you are being conned here. Come to Nicli or Campagnolo Roma in Vancouver for some authentic, delicious, Italian pizza and pay even less--in a city where everything costs significantly more.

I am genuinely shocked that you would pay these types of prices in such a pizza loving city. And $2 a pop for your  "unlimited" filtered water? You have got to be kidding me.

I guess when you have oil money, you are willing to overlook the quality of Italian oil at a pseudo-Italian place. Also, this pizza doesn't have 21, 73 or -5 after it, so you gotta know something is up....4 Maggi pizza and Sausage is what I've tried. Paired with tartastic beer. It's a Hawaii inspired bar as I noticed male servers arr wearing floral tops like the one in Luau! I might switch my beer flavor to tartastic whenever I'm into this place. They're very light. The place is along the lively 17th avenue 6th Street where people can see what's on your plate if you seat facing the walk way. Over all, I recommend this place.Delicious kale salad and really good meatballs and sauce. The four cheese pizza is good but you HAVE to add prosciutto to it so it becomes phenomenal. Pizza- great crust! I liked the chilli pepper jar for your pizza as well. The only problem is that the pizza does take a little while to come- it's a small but super busy place, even on a cold Tuesday night.Why 3stars? I will tell you.  First: the atmosphere is hot and overcrowded.  No air conditioning in the summer so prepare to swelter.  Second: They installed a super-duper filtration system for their water and they want you to pay for it.  It's $2 for special filtered water, but if you refuse, then you are punished with lukewarm tap water, no ice.  Third: to crown your dining experience off,  you will be served an absolutely flavorless pizza.  But hey it's for a good cause. They supposedly give a pizza for everyone purchased. Has anyone looked into this claim? Just askingAtmosphere is great.  Wine selection is good.  Small plates are yummy.  The wait on sat night for 2 wasn't too bad ... 35 mins or so (no reservation allow).  We really enjoyed this "hip" new restaurant.  However the pizza is ok only.  If you want great pizza, this is not the right place.  But we can't wait to return and try their other small dishes and they have few large plates.  Great dating place!!!A-List for hipster buzz. They have the beats and the vibe, the well heeled and dressed, the trendsetters, the wannabes and the cool cats. You'll enjoy the plethora of sights and sounds to be sure. As for the food, I'm with the other reviews that aren't fuelled by hormones, hype, alcohol, popularity or other motives. The food is good. Period. It's a good establishment. However, there's better pizza elsewhere, for sure. The service was solid once you got inside the door. PS. If you go, don't wait in the line to get inside. Get to the door and talk to the server. Parties of 2 will get seated much faster than the rest. Overall. a fun experience but not necessarily a be-back. As always, for real.One of my absolute favorites in the city! Never had a bad experience. Sometimes the wait staff can be a little awkward or rub you the wrong way but I think that's part of the whole experience. 
The 4maggi is a life changing experience, pizza without honey just isn't the same for me anymore. They also have the best margherita I've ever had, simple clean and tomato-y. I really haven't explored the menu much else, with the exception of those yummy olives and almonds, you really don't need to with pizza this good though!
If you're going, order wine. That's the point. Don't be foolish like me my first few times and waste your money getting one of their cocktails (that IMO are not that good) they charge upwards of 12$ for single!
I've never had much issue with a wait, it would be worth it even if I ever did though. 
My only real gripe with UNA is that they took their grilled cheese and tomato soup off the menu.. I remember sitting at the bar watching it get made several times and then more or less inhaling it.. that was my favorite and most comforting dish I have ever eaten.. anywhere. Period. 
UNA please bring back grilled cheese, if not.. you're still my favourite.Ok, I am in love with Calgarys food culture.  Edmonton is not too far behind and this is what they need!

Casual Italian, awesome pizza, responsibly done. And wicked wine list. 

We got there just before 615, so only had to wait 15 mins in a weekday. It's always jammed so try to come early!  No worries we had some wine in line!  Great spot to look at the menu and learn about the place.  They actually have their urban beekeepers Liscence as well, so I was into trying their honey!  They have a bee farm by Airdrie and do tours for kids as well.  

So started with the amuse bouche. One bite for $2 it was a bacon wrapped date with a walnut inside.  So simple and just spectacular!!   Do it!!

Next did the Kale Caesar salad that was recommended.  Great salad and huge.  

They've got lots of gluten free stuff there as well so its great if you need GF!  The pizza crust was awesome.  

We went with the prosciutto and arugula and drizzled their fresh honey on it.  Was to die for.  For wine we wnt with the house wine which at the time was a Californian merlot.  Was quite nice.   The rest of the list can get pricy, so be aware of your wines.  

They also did some nice GF desserts.  I went with the chocolate peanut butter torte.  It was nice and light.  Great to share.  

For sure coming back here.  Would be fun with a group on the way out for a night.  

Service was a bit rushed but they were very attentive.  I think there is a balance between being busy and not rushing you too much. And he did that well. Wasn't pushing but there a lot and moving things along.  We hadots to talk about so this restaurant might not be the one for a quiet romantic long talk night.  

It was SUPER LOUD, which adds to its atmosphere, but if you want a quiet night, pick a different spot.  One of my new GoTos on 17th ave!I can't belive this is my first review in months, maybe a year. 
I never would have heard of this place if it wasn't for every other person I know recommending it to me. Pizza and wine seems like a simple concept, and it is. This place is terribly easy to miss, and all 3 of my peeps became disorientated trying to find it. It's very tight, make sure you sit against the wall, or you'll be  constantly moving your seat forward for people to hit up the bathroom. Speaking of the bathroom, there was poetry readings serenading me while I urinated... that's a plus? :) We had a complication with our order, but they were more than gracious to comp it. Pizza was nothing I haven't had before, and I never believe in paying ludicrous marked up prices for wine at restaurants. 
Having said all this... I bought a pizza lastnight, and let me tell you I saved a lot of money AND couldn't believe it wasn't delivery. thanks delissioYikes.
My boyfriend and I came here late in the evening (11:45pm) for my birthday dinner, and he has a medical condition that makes it so he can only talk very quietly, so we usually ask to sit beside each other, otherwise I can't hear him in a restaurant.
The place only had a couple tables of people in it - almost empty since it was just over an hour before closing, and had more than half a dozen 4-seater tables empty (I think all of them) that would allow us to sit side by side.
On asking to sit beside each other, the waiter says "no problem" and then takes us to a 2-seater table where he would have to sit across from me.
We figure he musn't have understood, so we wait for him to come back and explain again, and he tells us no. We'd probably eaten there a dozen times and it was never an issue, and when I explain this, he still insists no.
They offer for us to sit at the bar, but both of us have bad backs also, and it's not particularly comfortable for dinner. I'm confused at why this is a problem in a virtually empty restaurant, and ask to speak to the manager.
Manager comes over and still insists no.
Seriously? What the heck?
I totally understand if they were busy, or anticipating a lot of people, but in a empty room an hour and a half before closing on a Wednesday?
It's the first time, ever, anywhere that a place could easily accommodate his disability and has chosen not to - and we eat out basically every night.
Unreal. Obviously we left. And will not be returning.
If I could give 0 stars, I would.We have been to Una a few times with friends and have found a reason to return each time. The overall experience has been good. Most of the pizza we have tried is either average or good (simple and flavorful) and they have good starters. Quick and efficient service, good wine list (I just hope they could serve all of by glass/carafe). I hope the wine was a bit cheaper too.Love it!!!! a long wait to get in but what a classy interior and delicious pizza!! Almost couldn't find it the first time I went their: Literally a hidden gem!eLove love love!

I won't say much - there is already a plethora of reviews for this place, which just speaks to how much Calgarians are down with artisan pizza joints.

We started out with an olive appetizer and kale salad. The kale salad stole the show! Both my date and I were absolutely in love with this salad - and it's huge. Even sharing it we couldn't finish it. But, the flavour has stayed with me - I find myself craving it and must go back to hit it up again!

We had a bacon pizza, it was good - maybe a bit on the salty side for my taste. I would have preferred a veggie pizza but I'll have to go back for that.

One thing I will add - we were there around 4 on a weekday. Didn't even think and parked on the street out front, there were lots of cars there. Anyways, our pizza had just come out, we were scarfing it down and enjoying our wine. I looked up and saw my car going around the corner on a tow truck! Wah woh! Luckily, my date - a total gentleman - ran out there and got it back for me. The wait staff in UNA mentioned that this happens all the time - apparently the parking rules on 17th are strictly enforced. I might know this if I spent more time on 17th? ...and there were two other tables who had the same problem. So take heed and pay attention to where you are parking!A hot spot on the trendy 17th Avenue that knows what they are doing.  They run an efficient business: service is direct/no-nonsense, food is fast, and they sell lots of merchandises.  They sell their own water (Q Water), sauces, and honey.

We went there during a busy Saturday afternoon for a few glasses of happy hour wine and pizza.  The wait that afternoon was an hour!  They did offer to call us when the table was ready.

We ordered three pizza to share: the 4-maggi, Beltline, and Mushroom. I'd recommend the 4-maggie, which is a four cheeses pizza.  Its combination of cheeses is delicious!I am a total fan of the food here. Exquisite flavours prepared to perfection. The hardest part will be getting in. The wait is loooong and I've never been when you can just walk in and get a table. Really, they could double or triple the size of the place and still have a line-up out the door. Inside, tables are cramped and the atmosphere is busy. It's not a place for an intimate meal. But the food makes up for *everything*. As far as pizza goes, it just doesn't get any better.This place is always packed and for good reason. 

A group of 5 of us stopped in after work for a couple bottles of wine, some amazing tapas, and a pie or two. It has a perfect atmosphere for good lively conversation.

I highly recommend the stuffed persian dates and the veal & pork meatballs for starters and either the mushroom, bianca or prosciutto pies. Amazing. 

Here is the full menu: http://unapizzeria.tumblr.com/The pizza at UNA is fantastic! The crust is the best in Calgary in my opinion. They use great ingredients and you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The kale salad is a top pick of mine. It's always fresh and flavourful! If you like kale you'll be hooked. The venue is small but I take advantage of the hassle free take out service they offer. UNA is a mainstay on 17th Ave SW.I have to say I was kind of disappointed with paying $20 for a thin crust pizza that didn't wow me. The truffle oil is very fragrant and I do think the pizza types are creative...but I guess I expected more for paying so much.I love UNA. The pizza is delicious and the wine is fantastic. The price is also excellent. Brittany, the server always goes on and beyond for me. She truly appreciates her job, which I appreciate. The atmosphere is great, I truly get excited when my husband takes me to UNA or when I go with a group of my coworkers. The place is just remarkable overall. They even make gluten free pizza! Delish!Still amazing food but I have noticed a major drop off in service throughout the past year. I remember going there and feeling like a regular with staff that felt like friends. Things feel a little more cold now but the cocktails and food are still great!The Pizza and wine were both excellent. My wife and I had the Beltline and the Margarita pizza.  I would definitely recommend giving both a try. The Beltline seems like a very weird combo but somehow it all works to make a great tasting pizza. UNA would be great for a casual date night or a night out with a few friends, but not too many as the space is a bit smallMy impression is the cook need to stop talking at the bar and pay attention to making the food. Ordered a Bacon and Pineapple pizza it had SOME bacon on SOME pieces other slices had NONE. If the cost of bacon is to high for you to a the correct amount on a pizza take it off the menu!For years I have stuck to a very strict mantra: There is nothing better than a fabulous bottle of Red Wine and really delicious pizza. Nothing. Period.  For a long time that always meant getting delivery or take out, stopping by a liquor store, or pulling a great bottle out of one's wine rack, for most pizza places had less than average wine selections. I don't know why, that is just the way it was. It always seemed to me that wine and pizza is a natural fit; like eggs and bacon, Fred and Barney, bowling and odd shoes. Well, somebody else saw the genius of this natural fit too, and Voila... Pizza Una!Ordered the proscuitto pizza and the 4cheese w/honey and truffle oil pizza after hearing people talk so highly of this place. Eh...have had better pizza everywhere else. The bottom of the crust was super hard to chew and seemed a little undercooked on both pizzas and the proscuitto was the worst prosciutto I've ever had. Super thick and more like pepperoni which was strange. Pass.I love the gluten-free pizza here. The service is great, and the options are very clear and amazing for gluten-free people. I came here two nights in a row because it was so good! I would definitely recommend this place.The Kale Caesar salad is fantastic. Definitely a busy spot if you're there for a weekend lunch, I  would recommend going on a weekday for a more relaxed vibe. The service is always very friendly -- even when they're serving a full-house. I'm really excited for the take away spot opening later this year.I can't complain about the food at Una's - everything is so delicious. My favourite has to be the prosciutto pizza with arugula.. it's the best! And I can't say I didn't love everything I've tried at Una's.

I do have some complaints about this place though. No reservations, extremely long wait times, and most of the time the place is SO loud, it's difficult to carry out a conversation.

Seeing as how successful and popular Una has been, I hope that they have plans to make the place bigger to accommodate more people in the future :)I first tried UNA shortly after it opened, and fell in love with their Swiss Chard pizza. That is no longer on the menu (sad face), but I am still a fan. So many pizza joints are opening up, but I still find myself preferring UNA over all those places. I looooove the decor and atmosphere. The staff are quite hipster-ish, but I've never had bad service. My current favorites there are the Prosciutto and Mushroom pizzas. I've also had the Peanut Butter and Chocolate Terrine for dessert, and it was amazing. The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because I really want them to bring back the Swiss Chard. It was my all time favorite there!Since I have had two days to eat the leftovers (no one else wanted them) and since they were actually pretty tasty,  I have decided to add an additional star to this restaurant, overall. 

My best advice is to see for yourself, but don't expect more than that.Overall UNA Pizza was great but there was a feeling of trying too hard. We ordered the mushroom and margherita pizzas. While the margherita pizza was great and flavor, the mushroom pizza felt over done. The pizza was drenched in truffle oil which we felt should not have been the star flavor.I was disappointed that they didn't offer sangria on their menu especially considering that it is such a summer staple, but our server offered to get me an amaretto sour instead which I did really enjoy. However I found the service to be a shade lacking. Once our food came out she didn't come back to check how everything was tasting once. I mean everything was fine but it's nice to have someone come back to make sure just in case. Other than those 2
Minor issues Una pizza + wine was an amazing choice for lunch. Will surely be going backService wasn't great, drinks are over priced and they forgot to bring us the kale Caesar salad we ordered but the pizza was phenomenal!Una is super trendy!
The pizzas are awesome but my favourite is the kale salad. 
It gets a bit noisy which means it's a cool joint.
They change the wall art occassionally and there's usually a cool story behind each new piece.UNA'S pizza was really good!! The service was great and the beer was very good. Only problem was the prices kinda pricey,  but typical for the area. Will definitely go there again.I've heard a lot about this place so I came for their pizza. Started with their plate of the day - braised beef and white bean cassoulet. Didn't think that was great - a bit dry and "boring." Not a lot of braised beef. Had their Beltline pizza and Mushroom pizza. They were both good - crispy crust that did not get soggy. However, crust was thick and big...ingredients could've stretched out to the edges more. I thought Cibo (a few streets down) had a better mushroom pizza with a light creamy sauce. The pizza here was not very saucy. Beltline pizza: the maple syrup was the highlight. Loved the smell of it and loved the hint of sweetness. Their old fashioned bourbon was really nice.Best hawaiian-style pizza I've ever had (The Tiki).  Really friendly staff and they make takeout orders easy.  Also had their amazing roasted broccoli.  What a great place.What a concept, pizza and wine...fabulous! Small and intimate Una's Pizza delivers on all fronts. 

My husband is a meat eater and as such not so adventurious at times therefore we ordered the Salami Pizza to share. One word - YUM!  He did however anty up and share some starters with me. We had the Pintxo (daily special was smoked salmon), Walnut Stuffed Persian Date(s) and Sauteed Prawns in Sambuca. They were the perfect portions and appy's to share before the pizza came. The wine menu was impressive and we enjoyed a glass or two of Malbec.  Hubs & I had a great evening at Una.

The 2nd time I went I brought along 2 girlfriends so they could see why I loved this place.  There was a wait and so walked a couple doors down to a lounge and had a glass of wine while we waited to be called (they take your cell phone number, name and call you about 10 minutes before your table is ready).

Once we arrived back at Una we were seated and proceeded to order a bottle of wine & a few appetizers to share.  Walnut stuffed persian dates & the sauteed prawns were delish. We ordered a simple pizza as one of the ladies was not as adventurous as the other 2 so the margherita is what we inhaled.  Another great evening at Una.....I just love this place and can't wait to go back!This review is for service alone, as it was due to the service that had us find alternate eating arrangements.
We went in last night late around 10 pm for a very late dinner.... however we were greeted if greeted can be used as the correct word by a very b*tchy (can I use that word on Yelp?) hostess.... who rolled her eyes and told us it was a 30 minute wait for a table for 2.
HOWEVER...... 
There were empty tables for 4. We asked if we could split one of those, she said no that is a table for 4. we asked if we could sit at one of those, she again said no as were were 2 people and it was a table for 4. We asked about sitting at the open bar, she again said no they closed the bar. Then she got snotty and said she'd hate to not have to seat us at all. So we left.
But UNA.. I really did want to try your pizza, maybe she was having an off night, but your hostesses should be friendly, and helpful. especially when there is no line up at 10 pm on a Thursday night. I can understand wanting to keep your 4's if it was a Friday or Saturday but on a Thursday?
And to not split them up seems ridiculous.
If they were not being used, and we sat at one, what harm would it cause if there was another one already, by that point should any 4's come in that late we could have moved to a smaller table if necessary.My favourite pizza joint in Calgary. 

What makes this place amazing is a combination of their consistent tasting, unique pizzas and the crowd. I'm not usually a fan of busy places, but walking into a restaurant full of people having a sweet time adds to this dining experience.

Couples/pairs beware. This restaurant is very popular with couples/pairs on any given night. I went on a Monday at 7pm. As usual, the joint was packed. I went up to the hostess to ask if I had any hope of getting a table for 5. To my pleasant surprise, having a larger party was an advantage. Go figure.

Get their Beltline Pizza. A true Canadian twist: double smoked bacon and maple syrup. Your mouth's watering.I've been meaning to try this place and finally got a chance over the long weekend when they weren't that busy as most people were out of town. Last time I tried coming here it was a 2 hour wait so we decided to go elsewhere. Well, we should have waited last time as it was worth it. 

Doesn't compare to real Italian pizza, but it is the closest thing you will find in Calgary. The ingredients are very fresh, and the pizzas full of unique flavours. You have to try the pizza here - in fact the menu is cutely divided between "pizza" and "not pizza". 

The décor and clients are quite trendy. Water is $2/person, get the sparkly - it's quite good. Will definitely be coming back again.Love the pizza !! The kale Caesar is THE BEST !!! I love the bar seating. All of the bartenders give such great service. One of my favorite lunch spots in Calgary.Great pizza, great atmosphere! Unbelievably busy for a Saturday afternoon, but seeing as we  just needed a table for 2 we got seated very quickly. Our waiter was  friendly & attentive. The prosciutto pizza was DELICIOUS! We will fer sure be back!Great pizza, great wine, great atmosphere - what's not to love!? 

I stumbled into this place a few weeks ago with a friend and quickly found a space at the bar for some drinks and a quick bite. I think we played it pretty safe with some bread to start plus the 4-maggi and mushroom thin crust pizzas, but everything was awesome. Definitely make full use of the honey. Bar staff were friendly and attentive even though the restaurant was busy. Ended the night with an espresso + desert and left with a doggy bag of pizza. (Pro tip: go hungry and try to finish your pizza at the restaurant as it definitely was not a good the next day)

Excited to go back and try some pizza with meat!Top-notch service, awesome food. Their 4-maggi and kale salad... drool.The service was good & they were excellent catering to the various allergies in our group of 5 that went however when it came to the pizza I was underwhelmed ( mine was regular as no allergies) 
Appetizers & salad were good, but pizza really lacked flavor. We also waited on the wait list an hour for a table as they don't accept reservations.PROS: Came here on two different occasions and their customer service is awesome. They have gluten free pizza and BREAD. Oh my.... The bread. Gluten free bread usually has this dense taste to it but una 's was light but bursting with flavour. They have a wide variety of non pizza appetizers.


CONS: they get pretty busy (came here at 11 pm).... So prepare and don't come hangry lolWe were impressed from the good pizza and wanted to come again. We tried it three more times but as they do not accept reservations we had no luck to get in anymore. Wait times were usually 1h or more.

What a bummer...It is my first time in Calgary, and I wasn't sure what to expect, but the food selection has been great! Una was a great choice for several reasons: interesting menu with a delicious array of small plates, mains, and pizzas. To add to it each item had a really interesting selection/combination of ingredients, for example my starter was the grilled asparagus with orange, a fried egg, drizzled with chopped almonds and oil. I had the 4 cheese pizza, which was unbelievable. There was a truffle honey that you tasted each time you started your next slice that melded divinely with the cheeses. Pizza heaven. 

After taking a time out to digest I had dessert, most of the choices were a bit rich after the pizza so I opted for the vanilla gelato with espresso. Damn. Freshly brewed espresso from intelligensia coffee, poured over the perfectly flavoured vanilla bean gelato. 

The atmosphere was really fun but intimate. Friendly and knowledgable staff added to the atmosphere too. Overall, a delicious spot for pizza and drinks definitely stop by.Don't believe the hype. Una is overpriced and underwhelming. Far from the best pizza in town, no matter what Kelly tries to tell you.I'm not going to lie when I say the first time I tried this place, I didn't like it and I didn't understand what the hype was about. It just goes to show that first impressions aren't always everything! 

First time I went here my boyfriend and I got the mushroom pizza to share and I believe we got some sort of seared steak as a starter. While they definitely don't skimp on the toppings, I felt it was a little plain for me as I remember only being able to taste mushrooms and pizza crust. I definitely wasn't blown away as I expected to be. Our steak was really undercooked, but we didn't overly mind because it was delicious and reminded me more of beef tataki. Unfortunately both of us got sick that evening and we felt it was because of the steak. Also, I have a huge pet peeve of this filtered "Q" water and hate being charged for it ($2/person). I personally cannot taste the difference so I would've asked for tap water if I knew I was going to be charged. My first experience wasn't the best, I was disappointed cause I had high hopes so I didn't bother to return. 

One night I had a friend visiting from out of town and it was pretty late on a weekday night and the only thing I'll give this place credit for is that late night hours all throughout the week. I was willing to give this place another go and we headed down there and because she was vegetarian, we had some limited options. In the end we decided on the 4-maggi and the kale Caesar salad. Now THIS is the experience I believe was supposed to be the first. The 4-maggi is unbelievably good! I was a little apprehensive of the honey being on top, but I cannot tell you how it complements the cheese SO well. Fair warning, if you're the type of person that expects a dish to taste a specific way (ex. cheese pizza tasting like your standard American cheese pizza), I have a feeling it might taste a little strange for you (unless you have adventurous taste buds), but honestly don't knock it till you try it. 

I have to jump on the kale ceaser salad boat and add that it is really good! It's a big salad so if you want room for pizza, I do recommend you share it with someone. And plus you don't feel as bad eating pizza next because you're eating kale like the adult you are. 

The atmosphere is awesome and very lively, even if you go fairly late into the evening like I usually have. While I wouldn't say it would be my first pick for a normal time dinner, I would say it's definitely up there for a late night bite to eat on a weekday.Well my first time at UNA certainly didn't disappoint. I had been putting off visiting because I had heard such positive things about UNA,... yes it's strange but the more great things I hear about a restaurant the higher my expectations and the greater the possibility to disappoint. Remember Platoon?

UNA was all that it was cracked up to be. A wonderful setting, nicely laid-out dinning area with several small tables, a few larger ones, and a good sized bar area. We were seated quickly, the staff was attentive, and despite the busy lunch hour we felt well looked-after.

Onto the food! If you're at UNA it's for the the pizza. And if you want a good test for a proper pizza napoletana, pick up a slice and hold it out in front of you. The crust should not flop, bend or otherwise sag. Now bite, it should be crisp on the bottom, lightly sauced, and not weighed down with excessive toppings and cheese. 

Bottom line, UNA has the best pizza napoletana that I have tried outside of Italy. Do yourself a favour and get there early for lunch on a sunny day.The service is above average. It really is but the Beltline pizza is something to be desired. My friends pizza was better but isn't nearly as good as comparable pizza in the area on 17th. The seating is ultra tight and the wait times are high almost always. It's definitely good pizza but for the wait the alternatives are definitely better.My favorite restaurant in the city, for many reasons. The food is delicious. I always go back to the Prosciutto pizza and kale salad. Service is great and the staff is friendly. The only downfall is the high wait times/small venue, but, that shows how great it is! I hope they expand to a larger venue in the future.Best pizza in Calgary. Get the Procuitto and Arugula pizza. Be prepared to wait 1+ hours on weekendsI had the divine-ing (divine + dining) pleasure of gorging into the delectable, savory, vegetarian pizza, while sipping on a white, apple, wine libation, with some incredible #WATA ladies last night. 

We had a great time, and I was definitely intrigued with the playing of the audio book "Harry Potter" in the ladies washroom. 

I've never mixed pizza + wine before. I'm used to pizza + beer. However, the latter is usually far more grease-afied, and leaves the infamous sludgey after feeling, while the pizza + wine mix, was reminiscent of my travels in Europe where I observed that one actually takes the time to enjoy a meal which enhances the quality of conversation. And good conversation always equals good times.Overrated. Luckily the service was great because the pizza was greasy and soggy in the center and the tables were jam packed together.4 Maggi comes with truffle oil ( I don't like truffle oil ) double smoked bacon was sold out due to no bacon 

Prosciutto and sausage instead

Sausage loaded with caraway seeds (sigh, licorice pizza)

Read the menu closely, there is nothing traditional about it, you might love it, I am remembering Italy and this is nothing like thatThe pizza is great I love the atmosphere and the staff is very friendly as well you have to try the mushroom pizza ! Why not 5 star ? Every time you go the wait time is ridiculous but the pizza it's worth waiting so maybe is the wait time wasent as long it would be 5 star rating just a reminder if your looking for a spot to eat quickly Una is not the place but the pizza is deliciousDate night with the husband on a Saturday night during Stampede and still receive great service. Had a margarita pizza which we both quite enjoyed.I am all about the Gluten-Free bandwagon, and my only regret was not knowing that I could get a gluten-free crust. 
Had the Prosciutto Pizza and it made me fall in love with ham all over again. And even though both Una and I are all about the wine, I just had to try the Pink Velvet beer combo. It was okay.
The worst part of the experience is having half my pizza wrapped up to go, all excited to eat the rest for lunch the next day and being startled by the homless man outside as soon as I walked out the door onto 17th. He asked to have my food - and I was kind of sad I handed it over.A restaurant that advertises none acceptance of reservations turns me off. Being the sole pizzeria on 17 Avenue that has gluten free options it's a bit disheartening to wait at the door for hours on end. 

I don't mind the no reservation concept. But if you're a restaurant that does not accept reservations, you should not serve food at the bar where people can sit and wait. UNA does the pizzas greatly but the concept of the restaurant is wrong. 

PS: Taking my cellphone number down and calling me when a seat frees up is not a solution.Service is Fast but server is not friendly enough so I might just go for takeaway the next time. I love the pizza. My girl oredered the 4-maggi. it was plain with cheese and honey sause on top so it's still flavorful even without meat and such. I also had the calamari that looked like a squid version of a sardines. It's not crispy as expected but still good. I had a happy tummy after. Pizza is baked fresh too so it's yummy!Some of the best pizza I have had outside of Italy. Great staff, cool interior, funny bathroom signs + audio book readings in the bathroom, great wine list.I'll make this review quick, because I'm mostly echoing what other people have said.

We arrived on a Thursday night at about 5:15.  We tried to go a bit early, since Una doesn't take reso's, and we wanted to have a quick meal.  It's a good thing we showed up when we did, because the place was full (other than a couple of individual seats at the bar) by 5:30.

Their pizza toppings are very full of flavor and are served on a thin crunchy crust.  We had a Prosciutto pizza which comes topped with fresh arugula - the prosciutto was thinly sliced and tasty, though slightly on the salty side. The arugula brings a freshness to the pizza as well as a nice balance to the prosciutto.  We also had the Swiss Chard pizza, which is topped with a healthy dose of bacon (maybe healthy isn't quite the right word here... :-).  This one packs a bacon-y punch and is quite a bit heavier than the Prosciutto pizza.  If you are a bacon lover though, it is a good pick.

The service was friendly and prompt!  I'd like to return to try some of the other types of pizza, as well as some of the non-pizza options.A friend was visiting from Montreal, and her flight got here at 9:30pm. Naturally she'd be hungry when she got off the plane, so I wanted to go hit up a restaurant that was open late. And not just any restaurant - I wanted her first impression of Calgary to be HOT. 

Decided to try Una Pizza because from what I'd heard, it served all purposes: it was open late, it had good food, and it was buzzing!

So we showed up last night around 10pm. (I had checked on Twitter already and apparently there was no wait.) The place was packed! I had never seen any restaurant in Calgary so packed so late on a Wednesday night. We were greeted in a few minutes and led through the extremely busy restaurant towards the back. There were 3 spots free infront of the chef's cooking area so we got seated immediately. My friend and I are both foodies so we thought that seat might be the best in the house since we would get to see the chefs do their magic.

After much deliberation (everything on the menu looked great!), we decided to have 3 pintxos, 2 share plates, 1 pizza and a bottle of wine. The pintxos were little bite sized bits of deliciousness made of red pepper, boccocini-type cheese and white anchovies. Very different from anything I've tasted before and very good! We then dove into our share plate of sauteed prawn with red chilli and sambuca. It was So. GOOD. We all agreed that this was absolutely delicious. We even soaked up all the sauce with our bread. Then we tried the scallops plate, and that was good too. Our pizza - a mushroom, cheese and arugula pizza was also delicious! 

One thing that was really remarkable was the service. The food was coming really fast, and we could see it being made right infront of our eyes. And the waitress kept refilling our wine glasses. The chefs were relaxed, kept joking with each other and talked to us about the desserts, and just random stuff. It was a really fun place, and a fun night.

I was really pleased with our dinner, and my friend from Montreal kept saying we picked a great place to come for dinner. I will defintiely be back!Of course, I was back at UNA; and of course, it was delicious.

But here's the best part ... I learned a little something special about UNA this last visit, (psst, don't tell a bunch of people okay? This'll be our secret) Josh at the bar is an exceptional cocktail mixer. (Does that make him a "cocktailer"?)

Get him to mix you a nicely balanced Classic, an excellent Manhattan or a proper Pims and I promise you will not be disappointed.

He loves what he mixes and mixes what he loves and boy oh boy does it show. Good work Josh, you're about to be a busy man.

T.Definitely one of my favourite neopolitan style pizza places in Calgary, if I can get in. Unfortunately, they do not take reservations and have a very small restaurant with limited seating space. They will take your name and phone number to give you a call when a table is available for your party size. Unfortunately, there's not a lot to do on 17th near Una. The food is definitely worth the wait, though. 

In regards to the ambiance, it is a (as I mentioned) a fairly small and tightly filled space. They do not have a patio space and there is only street parking (which can be hard to find in this neighborhood). However, inside, the restaurant is quite cozy and well decorated. It has a bit of a rustic charm to it, especially when infused with the smell of fresh pizza! 

The service is usually amazing; I've really never had any issues before, but a friend of mine has complained that she didn't have water refilled for over an hour, even after waiving down someone to remind them. That being said, my own experiences have been nothing but positive. Staff are usually well versed on their menus and can offer a lot of suggestions for food and drinks. They have also been quite attentive. 

In terms of food, Una is definitely one of the best pizza places in Calgary for a reason. They make their dough fresh in house, use only the best (and local) ingredients, and make combinations that you wouldn't expect to go well together to taste truly amazing. Their classics are also so delicious - far better than what you'd expect given that some only have 2 or 3 ingredients. They also do an excellent job on a lot of their pastas and other dishes, so it's not just pizza folks! 

In particular, notable dishes include their Mushroom pizza, Proscuitto pizza, Risotto (right now it is summer squash), and seared scallops. MMmmm... They also have an excellent wine selection that their staff are quite familiar with.It wouldn't be often that a place where you end up waiting an hour and 15 minutes to get a table gets a solid four stars ... but UNA deserves it!

The pizza is great. Simple, clean flavours.
Had both the Bianca (buffalo mozza, basil puree, EVOO) and the Margherita. Both were excellent in their simplicity although the Margherita could have maybe used a bit more cheese.

Had the Potato pizza as well (potatoes, provalone piccante and truffled honey). The flavours were spot on, although somewhat too "potatoey." I think if the potatoes were slightly thinner, it would be a much better balance. The potato was just too prominent over the other ingredients.

Also had the Salt Cod Brandade and the Patatas Bravas ... both were greater starters/sides and good value!

If you can weave through the packed "graphic-t-wearing," "smart-glasses" crowd, the atmosphere is quite romantic and fun. 
I will definitely be back here on a date! :)We went to UNA after going to see Mary Poppins at the Jube. It was about 11pm at night, so it wasn't very busy. We ordered the Meatballs as an apply and they were PHENOMENAL! They weren't over cooked or undercooked. Perfectly seasoned and everything. The we ordered the mushroom pizza. It came quickly after the meatballs so we didn't have to wait long. The mushroom pizza was very very good swell, the only reason i didn't give the last star is because we felt that there needed to be more seasoning on the mushrooms or pizza itself. There was also a little too much truffle oil on the pizza.. a couple drops is good, but even a heavy drizzle can take away from the simpleness of the dish.  Will be back for sure though to try more pizzas!Love the food here, it is some of the best pizza I have ever eaten. The service was lacking last time I visited though and I found them to be a little condescending. They refused to split up our bill and wanted us to add the tax ourselvesAmazing food, great beer, incredible staff. It`s a great place to chill out on a date, or just have a pint while you wait for take-away pizza.You can't go wrong with the dine in pizza choices! As for their little take away joint, the pizza sucked & looked like it had been sitting out there all day! The crust was different too (yuk)! But I still love my UNA!No reservations, so get yourself there early and put your name on the list. Walk down the street, have a pint, and come back for some delicious pizza.

Service? They got you.
Wine? You know it.
The reason you came. That Za?
Forget about it.

Need more?
Sit down and order the 4 maggio. I don't even know if that's what it's called. Cheese. Truffle oil. Honey.
Come on.

*mic drop*Yuuuuuuuuum! Came here with my parents for a quick lunch and boy, was it good! It was 1pm on a weekday and it was understandably not as busy as you would expect from the reviews. I agree it's a very chill environment for a lunch date or just catching up with friends.

In terms of food, we ordered the mushroom pizza to share. The featured pizza was beef bolognese I believe. We didn't try it simply because I'm vegetarian. Will definitely come back to try the 4-maggi pizza and the kale salad that everyone is raving about!UNA is a refreshingly energetic sit-down restaurant and unlike most pizza restaurants you'd come across.

You notice immediately when walking through the door that the place is buzzing. I've been many times now, and even when there's no room they are really friendly and happy to pour some wine while you wait.

The wine list is great, the appetizers are good (though not all of them are perfect), and the pizzas are fantastic. My favorite pizzas so far are the prosciutto and mushroom pizzas.

This is a great choice for a social evening out with friends and coworkers. They get almost everything right here, so there's very little to complain about. Currently one of my favorite places in Calgary, and a place I find myself craving when back in Vancouver!Pizza is delcious, staff is fast, friendly and genuinely knowledgeable about their fantastic wine selection, and they play audio books in the bathroom.  What more could you ask for?The service here was phenomenal - but sometimes I felt that the server got a little close if not touchy-feely. 

Tried the Maple Bacon Pizza and it tasted like breakfast on pizza dough - essentially the best thing you could have on a warm sunny day. The selection of wine was awesome, and we had great advice for choosing a selection that fit our tastes. 

I think the dessert was a little lacking. The peanut butter type dessert was very sweet although delicious, and we came away with quite a powerful sugar high after. 

This is a very busy place so make sure you are either prepared to wait or come during the off-hours to ensure you get a good spot.I'm so happy we stumbled upon this place.  I was visiting from Toronto on the weekend and we were on our way to buy some cupcakes at Crave when we walked past this restaurant.  We had just arrived in Calgary and we were starving.  The place is really cute, and the service was very good, it was a Friday afternoon, so it wasn't to busy.  We had the Persian Dates and the Shrimp Pizza.  We had dinner reservations that evening at Blink, so we didn't want to fill up too much.  We had a few slices left over and took them with us for a next-day-snack.

We enjoyed our lunch so much, that on Sunday before our flight home we visited again.  We had the Mozzarella app and Mushroom Pizza.  Same thing, again we took a few slices home to enjoy on the plane.

I would highly recommend this place for a casual fun meal.Love it! Super yummy pizzas. Try the clams, the flavors are amazing!Great casual Pizza spot on 17 Av..
the margharita is a must. we love the shave zucchini marinated in olive oil and lemon...
Thank you to kelly and jaimie for this cool spot in Calgary...
GI have nothing bad to say (besides the wait, but hey its expected) but I'm also lacking in amazing things to say. I tend to judge everywhere based on their mussels. UNAs' mussels? The best i've had in years. But thats really the only thing that stood out to me. Pizza was almost boring. Service was good, no complaints but again nothing spectacular. The vibe was a great balance of over-crowded and feeling like your somewhere everyone wants to be. Maybe thats what the hype is all about, everyone wants to feel like they are part of the local foodie crowd.Great service and interesting food. I've been out of town for a while and I can't comment on the price versus the market. I had their special, a "deconstructed shepard's pie" pizza, a flat-crust pizza with thinly-sliced potato, peas, ground beef, and some kind of fancy cheese. Worth trying.Excellent pizza! Highly recommend this modern, casual spot! Good red wine on the list and the pizza was great! Service was phenomenal as well. Nothing bad to say about this place!It has been awhile since I have been to Una. I was craving their Ceasar salad today. Despite the fact that one could eat here fairly economically - there are a lot of temptations! The pizzas are good but what haunts me is their Kale Ceasar salad. If you are not normally a salad person then this will change your mind - ? It is big and easily a meal in itself - pure magic -  the right amount of tang in the dressing, prosciutto, panko crumbs, cheese and a beautiful egg (not too hard); a beautiful balance of texture a flavour. But... Oh! How can one not order their wings? Their wings are not wings, they are thighs and so delicious!!! The flavour, the spice, the tang,  the cheese dip - wow! There are lots of great temptations are Una, but these are my faves. I am long over due for a visit. They are too busy during peak times so go off peak times and avoid the long wait.Kale Cesar salad was amazing.  Attentive staff, totally welcoming of my 7 and 9 year old boys.  Pizza, calamari and steak- delicious.  The sauce for the steak was too spicy for my kid, but the flavours were so amazing, I used it as a dip for my pizza crust.  Love how family friendly place this is, with such tasty food to enjoy!!I am a fan! Visiting from out of town.  Here four nights...I ate here twice.  Great food, great service. Great people watching.  Great scene.  I am giving it (3) $ because, with two glasses of wine and a pizza I was at $60+.Best pizza I've ever had. Great atmosphere, great service, good portion sizes and reasonably priced. My favorite food spot in Calgary.Nice place, 2nd visit. Went there on a sarurday night for dinner. Had the muchroom pizza with trolly 5 + UNA beer. It is prob an UPA. Beer was ok. The mushroom pizza was tasty, nice crust, well baked, and the right amount of spices and herbs. Busy place. Used the NoWait app, would recommend downloading it:) Popular place among locals. Would likely visit again. 4/5If you're lucky like we were and managed to get in right before the dinner rush, then you are on your way to a world of deliciousness. This venue isn't too big so if your dining party is greater than two and you come right at dinner get ready to wait . . .and wait . . . and wait (they don't take reservations and it's first come first serve depending on the size of your party)

As I mentioned, it's quite small so you're about arm's length away from the next table - the upside to this is that you get to see all the food everyone else is ordering :)

We started with the seared scallops, and settled on two pizzas: 4-maggi with prosciutto and salami pizza. Scallops were AH-mazing! I'm a big fan of their 4-maggi, I think it's because I love pizza that aren't tomato sauce based. This one is a wonderful melody of 4 cheeses and a honey truffle oil (and the added prosciutto gives it a nice saltiness to contract the honey). The salami pizza was really good too, it has thin salami shavings as opposed to thick chunks (that you get normally at other pizza chains)

Even though it was busy, we never felt rushed to leave (It irks me how some places will drop off the bill right after you're done eating and say "no rush, whenever you're ready :D" . . . ok clearly you want me to leave since I didn't ask for the bill and may possibly have wanted dessert)

The quality of food and service is fantastic here, it may seem a bit pricey to eat here but it's totally worth it!Hipster and trendy, the atmosphere is great. The pizza, however, is not amazing. It's definitely above average though, but also overpriced. Trying to get a table in the evening is also a waste of time, I've had to wait 45 minutes to an hour every single time I've been here.Good service, good food, good wine, good atmosphere and good price point.  What more can i ask for? I was there on a rainy sunday evening and they were packed to the brim.  We had the walnut stuffed dates wrapped with prosciutto which I thought was really good.  My favorite is the mushroom pizza with truffle oil.  It had a generous amount of cremini mushrooms with good amount of truffle flavor. Now please will you open a location in Edmonton? :)While racking my brain trying to decide what to review next, I thought, "HollyChristOnABike, I spend at least 3 days a week at UNA!" 

UNA's perfect IMHO. It's loud, crowded, colorful and friendly and serves top-notch food until 1am. I tend to go to restaurants, find something on the menu I like, and stick to it like a fat kid on a Smartie. In this case, it's the mushroom pie for about $20. I can eat this entire pizza by myself.

(ps the prosciutto-wrapped, walnut-stuffed dates at $2 each are quite the nice little treat too).

I would recommend that if you can, get a seat at the wood on the bar side. The bartenders know their stock and will make sure you get a nice taste of good wine while you eat.

This restaurant also carbonates their own water; so if you like sparkling water, get the O water and feel good about doing something nice for Mother Nature and not getting a throwaway bottle.

Fair warning: if you don't like crowded places or waiting for a seat (this restaurant doesn't take reservations, but will take your # if you want to wait in the Ship or Brava up the street); if you can't handle places where you sometimes literally run into strangers and prefer a quieter place to eat your thin crust pizza, or are still morning the loss of the Wicked Wedge, then this is not the spot for you.

UNA is loud, it's small, it's delicious, it's bustling and the servers are candid, so if that's your thing, I'll probably see you there this week.

T.UNA has very good pizza, I'll give it that. On the other hand, it is also super busy all the time and people are packed in like sardines in a can. Oh, and there are no reservations and waits are generally 45 minutes or more.

During the summer, the mix of the pizza ovens and the sardine characteristics cause the temperature to reach uncomfortable levels. During the winter, it probably is closer to toasty rather than sauna levels.  

Considering the wait and the restaurant's arrangement, the 4 stars are due to an amazing atmosphere along with some impressive food. UNA is a place which buzzes with activity. You can almost feel the coolness flowing from the food, the decor and the people.

The prosciutto pizza is delicious while the Swiss chard is ok.  The wine added some refinement to the meal but the prices were a little steep with a bottle of house wine between $35 - $40 dollars. The stuff is drinkable but hardly memorable. 

Overall, hanging with the cool kids for an evening is fun but I doubt it will become my regular haunt.

12/30Very over rated. Had big expectations but at the end just another pizzeria with bad service.Fantastic pizza options, Italian-style salads, and homemade ricotta cheese! My family loved the prosciutto pizza, and I loved the margherita pizza with gluten free crust ($3.50 extra) and truffle oil added (for $3 extra). We also loved the chopped salad and ricotta with fig, prosciutto, and balsamic (comes with bread, or gluten free brioche for extra). 

Next time I'm back in town, I will definitely revisit this place! I'd also like to try their sister restaurants (especially Native Tongues).This place is always busy and is now one of my favourite restaurants in Calgary. The pizza is great, service is friendly and they have some great menu items besides pizza that are fresh and simple but beautifully flavoured and prepared. You should go. 
They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait, they will however take your cell number so you can go have a beer down the street and they will call when your table is ready. Love it.Where else except Calgary can you get exceptional desserts at a pizza place. Fantastic key lime pie with thick graham cracker crust. Better than the Cactus Club which is tough to beat. The Churro pie and budino were above average. We never ordered any pizza. Maybe next time. We highly recommend UNA for desserts. Bootcamp Breakfast Club (BBC).We came here during dinner time and although it seemed pretty packed, we got a table immediately. The thing is, it's such a narrow small space. They probably could.make the take out smaller next door, and make the actual restaurant bigger. Our table was a bit cramped in a corner next to what I think is their screen system. Workers were coming right next to our table all night and the table was a bit small with our food and drinks on it. 
The food was really good, my boyfriend and I shared a pizza and it was if enough to fill both of us. If we each ordered one it would've been way too much food and I don't think we would've had enough room on our table!
They also don't carry regular pop products and have fancy water. They have artisanal sodas, which were very good, although if you're craving a coke to go with your pizza, it doesn't hit the same spot. The water is specially filtered and costs for you to have some, but they have tap water if you don't want to pay for it. 
All in all it was just a mediocre experience, I can't say it was the best food, and it doesn't outweigh how small and odd our table/experience was.I'll keep this one short and sweet.  Best fucking pizza in the city. Period. (mic drop)UNA is my favorite dinner place in Calgary. Amazing food, service and ambiance! Great gluten-free options and extremely catering to anyone with dietary restrictions.

Be sure to make a reservation -- this place fills up fast on the weekend!I would, without hesitation, give Una a four- or five-star review, if it weren't for some of the service staff doing their best to knock it down to three-stars.

The last two times I've visited Una, I've gone with a friend, with the intention of having a few quick appetizers and a non-alcoholic beverage---basically in and out.

We're both former service staff, we both understand the importance of turnover, and we're both inclined to tip well.

However, the female server we've had on both occasions has taken a guilty-until-proven innocent approach, rolling her eyes when we ordered coffee, and essentially rebuking us when we only ordered two appetizers:  "You're not having any pizza?  Just to let you know, what you've ordered is NOT a lot of food."  Translation:  "Your bill total is going to be small and I'm going to get a small tip."

Way to make us feel unwelcome.  We were in and out of there in probably half the time people who ordered pizza were, and thus the restaurant gets extra revenue, and she gets more tips, just by virtue of the increased turnover, not to mention the fact we usually tip around 30% unless you do something to knock it down, like you did here.

Anyway, perhaps Una could instruct its service staff to give customers the benefit of the doubt before assuming the worst.Sat at the bar which is a great place to sit in his nice quaint 15 table establishment.  The bartenders make drinks and  the salads. I had the best Caprese Salad I have ever had and I eat them a lot! The fresh basil was great and I liked how the cheese was crumbled up instead of being served in a ball..  Second course was the Tagliatelle pasta but asked them to add prosciutto which was amazing.  Great portions.  Ended the meal off with a nicely made Latte.  Great placeI love their traditional Italian pizza and wine selection. My servers have always been friendly and eager to help with menu selections. Their pizzas are so good and it's easy to order a couple and spend the evening drinking and socializing all while snacking on some amazing pizzas!Want a tasty pizza? You want Una!  it's a tad expensive but worth it. Take out or dine in, never have I been disappointed coming here. The staff are welcoming. And more importantly the food is delicious. The dough is crispy and chewy in all the right ways, and the cheese is plentiful and creamy. Overall, the selection of toppings are pretty drool worthy. My top recommends are the mushroom and veggie pizza  

Enjoy!Great food and great service. The atmosphere was inviting and cozy. We recommend the Beltliner!  The service was outstanding- especially Kathleen!  Make this place a must!Trendy place with designer-style Neapolitan pizza. Crust is excellent if you like light and airy. Very good selection of wines as well. You can tell the chef puts a lot of care into the design of menu items.Hands down my very favourite restaurant. I'm an introvert but I don't even mind the noise and closeness of tables. I love sitting at the bar and watching the bar and kitchen. Great food, knowledgeable staff, fun atmosphere.Only after sitting down and getting comfortable to write this review did I realize my Yelp reviews have been pizza-laden, to say the least. To anyone who has an inexplicable interest in my eating habits, yes, I do eat more than just pizza. But tonight, it was UNA, and it was ballin'. Pizza-Ballin', you might say. Not in the sense that there are a bunch of G's pushing stacks at UNA's tables (although Jay-Z did make an appearance in the artwork adorning the east wall), but because I felt like I was in a rap video raining bills when it came time to pay - or at least, my girlfriend certainly did. The best.

Anyways, that was hyperbolic, so let's rewind. The old adage "you get what you pay for" held true on this evening. Despite being a little bit more expensive than the average night out, once the food hits your lips, you'll feel the purse strings start to loosen. The Prosciutto pizza we shared was excellent, as were the meatballs and broccoli that preceded it. Washed down with a glass of Sur de los Andes Malbec, and....climax.

The only qualm I had was that it was 30 degrees outside, the AC was seemingly minimal, and chef-side seating bordered on sauna-esque. 4.5 star material, for those in a bad mood. But really, these days happen between 2-6 times a year in Calgary, so complaining about it is in poor taste in my opinion. The other 359-363 days of the year, I'm sure you'll be close to perfectly comfortable. 

I would definitely recommend UNA. Good vibe, great food, interesting selections and preparation. 

Go now! Run there!Such a great atmosphere and the food is exquisite. First off - talk about ahead of its time! The no reservations is a breath of fresh air and automated text when a table is available gives you time to enjoy the sights while waiting. Ordered the 4-maggi and was overwhelmingly pleased. The prosciutto pizza comes with too much arugala which hinders from the natural flavours of the pie. Great wine and beer, and always great service. One of, if not the best pizza joint in Calgary. 4.5 star (yelp doesn't allow such finely detailed ratings)Always awesome. Wait is usually long if you are more than 2 people. I have never had something I didn't like. The truffle honey cheese pizza is perfect. I Highly recommend!This is probably my favourite restaurant in Calgary. The service is outstanding, the food is always wonderful, and I love the trendy atmosphere. I have come here for Valentine's Day, my birthday, and for a graduation night-out as I know I will always have a great meal. The pizza is always perfect and the chili oil you can get with it is to die for. I recommend this restaurant to everyone and I don't know anyone who has been disappointed thus far!I am totally picky nicky when it comes to pizza - my taste leans towards a thin crust, more European style pizza.  That being said, I LOVED everything about Una Pizza + Wine.  

A group of 12 of us went here for a work lunch last week - all for the first time.   A few people belly ached about the prices, thinking that we each needed our own.  Our table of 6 ordered 4  pies and that was perfect; therefore, in my opinion the prices are quite reasonable.  

K, the pizza was sooo good - the best I've had in Calgary.  My favourite was the prosciutto pizza closely followed by the mushroom.  All 12 of us were happy with the food & it was a really nice lunch.  I should also mention that the service was great - the pizza came quickly and the server was constantly switching them up when she spotted an empty tray.

The atmosphere is nice - it's a long and narrow restaurant and whoever decorated has great taste (right down to the sugar cookie soap in the bathroom).  One girl in our party commented that it was a little too trendy for her tastes.  But, for me, if trendy is clean, pretty, and awesome, bring it on! 

All in all, a great experience and I cannot wait to return for more :)I don't know how I haven't reviews this place when I've gone numerous times! But here I am now. Hands down my fave pizza place for gluten free pizza.

They have a great selection, my fave is the prosciutto. Plus they have a huge wine list, even though I'm a champagne drinker. 

Very cute inside, I like the contemporary industrial design. My only complaint is not being able to book resos. I like to plan and know when I'm eating. You can follow them on twitter and they will post weight times though.The food is great but every time I've been the service is so slow... I'm going to try again because I really want to love this place.I love Una! They have great pizza and good service considering how busy they get.  I have nothing but good things to say about this restaurant!!What a fantastic place, this thin crust Delight is a true to form representation of Italian pizzerias. With a fantastic wine selection awesome bar staff and incredibly fresh Vibe when a pizza is good for a quick lunch or an after work meal that can't be beat.I love love una pizza. There food is to die for and there wine selection is always changing and so good. The service can be a tiny bit slow when they have a full house. And reservations are a must if you want to get in fast. Honestly though I can't rave about the pizza enough. It is so good. We love the beltlibe and the 4 Maggie. Also this last time we went we enjoyed the octopus! Amazing!!Hello Sexy! 

First off I have to start with raves about the service. 
I have been in the service industry since I have been 16 and let me tell you, the servers last night at UNA would make me look like the meanest most lazy server. They were even nice to the homeless guy who came in and ask for food. 

We arrived at UNA at 745pm after trying to make a reservation prior, (they don't make them). We were greeted very nicely by a very friendly, attractive hostess. Told that they would take our phone # and call us back when they had room for us. (45 mins) 

We showed up 45 mins later and decided to have a jug of wine and party in the entrance. 30 mins later our table was ready. 

Our server, 'BRITTNI' who could be the most honest sweet person in the industry welcomed us. Took the time to tell us about the menu and have playful banter without missing a beat on with the other tables. 

Lets get to the good stuff, the food.

We ordered: 

-Fresh Tomatoes roasted with sea salt and sherry vinegar, served with crustinis ($7, wish there was more then 4 crustinis, but worth the price) 
-Goat cheese and boar bacon stuffed mushrooms ($9, 100% delicious, but 5 small mushrooms for a steep cost) 

and two pizzas. (with the most delicious crust!!!)

-Mushroom with truffle oil ($19) real quartered mushrooms, parm, arugula...TO DIE FOR! 
-Prociutto($20) BORING! this pizza alone lost UNA one of the stars for me, totally stingy on the prosciutto. ohhhh UNA! 

and my fav order of the night (besides the half litter of wine ($23, red house) was the 
Q WATER. 
($2/per person) 
sparkling or flat, all you can drink of the 4 time distilled house water. 
At first I thought these people are outta there mind and heading for a 2 star rating by charging for water, but I love Perrier, and 2 bucks for something that fizzes better... I will be back because of it. 

Alright lets Quick pro/con this place 

PROS: 

-Brittni, our server 
-The call back system 
-Its hip 
-the food! BEST pizza resturant in Calgary!!

CONS: 

-Stingy on the Prosciutto( tisk tisk) 

All in all, you'd think the hour and a half wait would have soured me, but its warm and welcoming place to be on a Friday night, good company, good background music, good water, FANTASTIC service! 
Cant wait to be back!Cozy atmosphere, good food. 

I was amazed by the 4-maggi pizza. It's packed with more flavour than you would expect, including hints of pepper and honey (I think). Deceivingly delicious!Best pizza in Calgary!

If you haven't tried Una, then you're missing out. Their 4-Maggi pizza is phenomenal, but that could be because I have a weakness for truffle oil. I also really like their kale caesar salad. It comes with an egg on it, so that could be unappealing to some people, but that is how traditional caesar salad should be, so I think it's delicious. 

Warning: Una does not take reservations. Expect to wait 45 mins+ if you are coming at lunch or dinner rush. They also do takeout so you can always call in advanced to order your pizza and take it home. I find it never tastes as good though, so it's better to dine in. 

Either way Una is a must try in Calgary, and the wait is worth it.Things that make UNA great:
-very trendy feel and location, the atmosphere and attention to overall design are splendid
-It was open till midnight on a Friday night when I went, made quite the classy post-bar meal... 

What to wear: on the more casual end of dressyUna is great. The food is good, the service is good and prices are decent. I didn't like the fact that they said they would charge for tap water on the menu, but when our bill came it wasn't included.

This is a great spot for a casual date. They don't take reservations so you might have to wait a bit to get a table but it's well worth the wait. Make sure to try out Persian dates appetizer. It's to die for.Plain and simple this place is awesome. Pizza is so good it will leave you weaping for more. Service.....A++. General vibe...ultra cool. Ate and drank too much but was a great evening.My favourite place for pizza (the 4-Maggi!) and their kale salad is amazing! We have been to UNA takeaway also when the wait at the restaurant was too long, and it was good also.Good pizza, atmosphere and service. I suggest getting their formaggi pizza (very rich tasting) and their kale Caesar salad.

Can have very long wait times so I suggest you put down your name and get a drink at the national or their sister restaurant (ox and Angela) while you wait.I'm pretty fuzzy with my pizza as well as my food. I really like the pizza here simply because they have real european crust rather than the other thick crust I'm used to in North America 

There wine list is pretty damm good as wellThis place is definitely on the top 10 list for calgary's great casual dining places - it has a hip atmosphere and good service without really being pretentious. Best part is that they are open late - it's always nice to be able to get a nice glass of wine and some appetizers late in the evening.

The best pizza i've tried there is the Formaggio. It has the perfect balance of flavors and aromatic cheese. Some of their other ones are somewhat lacking in flavor and punch, but the crust is pretty faultless. The appetizers - meatballs, steak, etc - are good for sharing and are pleasant, but nothing mind-blowing. 

However, their cheesecake with strawberry compote WAS mind-blowing. It came in a little mason jar with graham crumble at the bottom, was rich and cheesy, and the compote was perfect. 

Their menu changes occasionally and there is usually a daily special pizza and an appetizer. The "no-reservations" policy sucks. Some nights there are long lineups but usually not bad after 9:30.terrible customer service.  I worked a busy day at work and came with my family for dinner.  My brother was going to meet us 30 min later.  They wouldn't seat my famiiy (despite having MANY available tables) as their policy is to wait until EVERY MEMBER OF THE TABLE is present.  This is a stupid policy in my opinion.  Will be taking my business elsewhere where we can enjoy our time out and not be treated like peasants.Exactly what 17th Ave needed! Reminds me of in dinning San Fran or New York - small, casual, fresh, chef driven with the owners on the floor.

Pizza prepared to perfection: a light dough, thin crust, super fresh ingredients and perfectly cooked in a proper pizza oven - YUMMY! 

Fantastic wine list.UNA Pizza + Wine is notorious for having crazy long lineups as it's one of those no reservation type of restaurants. They've been packed every single time that I've visited except for during our most recent one! Forget about waiting 1-2 hours on Friday or Saturday evening unless you enjoy that type of thing. You could always mosey over to another spot on 17th Ave or else check out their sister restaurant, Ox and Angela.

Inspired by California pizza joints, UNA focuses on doing one thing well. Pizzas. Does it live up to all the amazing pizza spots in California? Pizzaria Delfina was the first thing to jump into my mind after reading about their Cali influences. That place is legit. If you're ever in San Fran, check them out.

The art lining the walls is funky and fresh with a bunch of cool people-cheese inspired sketches. The place itself is long and narrow with tables packed tightly together. You could say it's cramped but that's part of it's charm/hipster factor. They also have a little patio on the outside that's perfect for people watching in the summer time.

So random but hilarious at the same time - they have a Harry Potter audiobook playing in the washrooms to sooth you over. Lumos! I like how they are open every day until 1am! Nothing like some quality late night eats.

Menu is pretty concise - "not" pizza, appetizers, salads and pizza! If you don't want to wait in line, I'd suggest checking their Twitter feed before you head over.

- Kale caesar salad ($15.00) - boiled egg, toasted panko, crisp prosciutto and pecorino romano. As my sis can't eat gluten nor egg, we got the boiled egg on the side and without the toasted panko. Perfect for me as I'm not the biggest fan unless that egg is in ramen! I feel their egg would be much better if it was runny over being boiled. Blah. Sans egg, this is still one of my sister's favourite salads - she orders it every single she comes here. The kale had a nice crunchy element to it and I like how the caesar dressing isn't too creamy but tastes light and healthy. Would I order it myself? Debatable.

- Mealshare feature pizza ($20.00) with gluten free pizza crust ($3.00) - San marzano tomato sauce, roasted eggplant, burrata cheese, fresh fennel, fresh prosciutto. You know I'm down for anything with eggplant in it so we obviously had to order the feature pizza. The pizza here is thin crust and it has a nice crunchy bite to each slice. The toppings were interesting (never had fennel on pizza before) but there wasn't any bursts of flavour for my taste buds. Good, just not great like Cali pizza spots. I've had their mushroom pizza ($17.00) on a previous visit and felt the same way.

UNA is a solid place to grab some high(er) end pizza. It's pretty impressive that the kitchen can do everything gluten free as this is pretty hard to find in most restaurants. If you want good food and to be part of the trendy hipster scene, this is definitely your spot. My advice is come early or late (aka. during off-times), or better yet, head over on Sunday afternoon like we did for no line.If you like overpriced, pretentious service, this is the place for you! Pizzas taste ok, but if you're thinking of eating in the restaurant you can expect to be crammed in with another 80 people in a tiny space, shoulder to shoulder.There's something about UNA...

I don't think I could have an unpleasant time here if I tried. Always buzzing and everyone is happy. I appreciate the seasonally updated wall murals and adore all the servers. 

Their tomato sauce is beautiful, chilli oil is addicting, pizza and features are always everything I am craving and UNA hours rock my world.Yes - it is that good.  And totally worth any wait.

Our group shared some salads (the ceasar with kale was amazeballs) and a few pizzas.  The tiki and verde stuck out for me as the kale (I am on a total kale kick) on the verde was crispy and the pork on the tiki was juicy and salty and addictive.  Also loved the shaved pineapple...thin and covered the pizza perfectly.

We sat up at the bar and had excellent service.  My new fav in Calgary.Finally visited UNA! The food is great, service is good. But personally I just do not like they do not take reservation. The last couple times I went there, my friends and I just left becoz of the long line up. So yesterday my husband and I went there at 4:30(omg, I could not believe I had my supper that early!). And it was getting busy after 5:30.

The place is a bit narrow, not very kid friendly (washroom is big but no changing table, o...o...o... and the height of the hand dryer is so weird, difficult for users to put the hands in, plus the water on your hands would end up on your face, go try lol). But I enjoy my early dinner there while it's not busy!They have changed their recipe for the pizza crust.  It seems that Una has become so successful that they can see that there are enough suckers walking down 17 Ave, and enough posers in this city that don't know how to boil a egg , that they can get away with throwing customers poor quality food at premium prices. The crust was pale, dry and tasteless.

It has been a while since we have been there. Last night we had the Tiki and the sausage pizza, my partner requested prosciutto has an extra. It was there all right, burned to a  crisp, like little brittle match sticks. I don't care what you are making, prosciutto should never be cooked, it ruins it. What an amateur move.

The dates were also a disappointment, drowning in balsamic and again burnt prosciutto. The shrimp dish was tasteless.

The key lime pie, was also missing something... the citrus !!  It should be called  no lime pie.  

I will say our waiter was very nice and the service was decent. The general consensus from the other reviews was slow and snobby service, however we do not find that to be the case last night . 

Unfortunately I cannot recommend this place for food anymore, and I used to love it.First off: pizza was delicious. Our group ordered the 4-maggi, beltline and Quattro carne. My favourite is the belt line, love the maple syrup on it. Also get the chili oil on the side, it's good to dip the crust in. 

As for the atmosphere, it was so-so, I'm not a huge fan of being cramped at a table with tables on either side of us that don't give you a lot of room to get out. The restaurant is narrow and small, they could really benefit from having a bigger space, the one in Saskatoon is significantly bigger and it makes all the difference for me. 

The service was excellent, our waiter was very attentive and friendly.My friend and I came here one afternoon when the weather was beautiful, and we sat outside. We ordered the 4-maggi pizza and the house made ricotta with figs, balsamic compote, and prosciutto to share. Both items were absolutely delicious and we each brought a slice of pizza home, which tasted nearly as good reheated.

Our server was very attentive to us, even though we were the only ones sitting outside. She consistently refilled our water glasses (with the best tasting water by the way, because they use their own filtration system), brought us more bread for the ricotta spread, and gave us some extra of their heavenly honey to drizzle on our pizza.I wish this place were here in Vancouver cause I would come here often. Actually, maybe it's best that it isn't here. . This was delicious thin crust pizzas in a funky little restaurant. All three pizzas I shared with my friends were awesomely delicious. I've heard about this place for a little while now, and finally got a chance to taste it for myself, and I can say, don't put this place off for too long. It's that good.Was here for lunch the other week with a couple other people.  So I got to try 3 different kinds of pizza.  Two were so so at best, but the 4 cheese pizza was amazing.  I had heard a lot of good things about this place, but it wasn't great by any stretch.  Very overpriced in my opinion.  Pulicinella in Kensington is much better.
Service was ok.  Not sure why, but the place just gives off a pompous vibe.  Not my deal at all.We got Margarita and Cheese Pizzas and Tagliatelle Pasta. Everything was yummy. Amazing service as well.  Would definitely come back.I'm from Toronto and the pie here is better on my opinion.  The truffle honey is Amaze balls!

So glad I tried this place out.Love this place! The food and drink are great but it's a little crammed inside, space wise.Always a pleasure being served at Calgary's very own UNA.
The wine pairings are absolutely amazing.
My personal favourite is tje cheese cake after my meal.
Great servers and chefs.

Thank you guysYour web site stinks. .
Online right. to hard to order.Very busy environment! Go early! On a weekday got there for 5:4pm and got the last available table, after that it was long line ups. 

Ordered the prosciutto pizza. Pizza wise it was pretty good, thin crust but crust wasn't crispy but more on the chewy side. Nice flavor but for personal taste the combination of prosciutto and provolone piccante made it on the salty side. But that was my personal taste.This place tries really hard to be pretentious....  We had the prosciutto pizza, and also the mushroom pizza.  The crust was thin, but had the texture and taste of cardboard.  The toppings were minimal to barely existent.  Hardly any sauce and scant toppings.  Not what I wanted when paying around $20 for a pizza.  Overall, it was bland and boring, out of the three of us there, no one liked it.  We didn't even finish the mushroom pizza, just couldn't stomach it.  Ended up going elsewhere for some dessert.  Blah, never again.My boyfriend mentioned wanting to try UNA for awhile so we popped in one night as he was showing me around Calgary and I'm super glad we did! They manage to get quite a few tables into the intimate space and initially I was s but concerned but it worked out ok. We both looked at the menu for only a servings and the first thing that caught or eye was the Beltliner pizza so we decided on that. We had eaten a late lunch so opted to only order pizza even though the appetizers sounded delicious. The pizza crust was different from what I've had in the past and reminded me a bit of saltine crackers without the salt - it was delicious! The dough complimented the flavors of the cheese, meat, and maple syrup of the Beltliner perfectly! We left no crumb behind and soaked up as much syrup as we could with every bite. Definitely would visit again when in Calgary!The only place we go for pizza in Calgary. I loved that they had free range chicken, and good quality still water in addition to this fantastic truffle honey that they use on the pizzas. Solid flavour combos too- the veggie and the pepperoni are classics everywhere but they seem to make these in a class of their own. Everyone seems friendly that we've interacted with as well!

The only thing I'd say is that the kale salad is immensely overpriced for what you get, and not to sit on the bar facing the kitchen as it's extremely hot!PIZZA!!!
After all the talk I  had to break down and check out this place. Our small group arrived at 515 on a Thursday, and every table was full by 530!
Very cute small place with an open kitchen. Everything that came out looked and smelled Soo good!
We decided on the arugula and also he Swiss chard pizza. The arugula was the hit! Super light and fresh. Best pizza with arugula I have tasted in Calgary since it's fresh and non-wilted. Maybe a touch on the salty side from the prosciutto  and freshly grated cheese. But we didn't complain.
The Swiss chard had lots of super smokey bacon and was very rich. Almost too rich in comparison to the arugula pizza.
Crust on both super thin and crisp. Almost too hard in places. Personal preference of less hard crust as in double zero.
Service was great!! Also think pizza sells itself. I will be back for more....The food was incredible and the restaurant itself is really cute. That being said, my friend and I ended up feeling uncomfortable and upset with the service. We had ordered single caesers to drink, knowing that caesers are a staple drink and are often fairly priced, however we were surprised when we were charged $11, which is a pretty steep price. We politely inquired about whether or not they had accidentally charged us for doubles, which we would have been okay with, but the waitress and who I am assuming to be the manager(?)
responded aggressively and continued to talk about us within earshot and were obviously complaining about our question to each other. To make things worse- the manager (?) had been drinking during her shift. This isn't our first time here, and we come because we like this place, but the staffs unprofessionalism left us feeling disappointed with the experience.My partner and i don't understand why this restaurant has great reviews. It had the worst pizza ever and I am the type who eats everything even if it doesn't taste that good. However, in this case the pizza was too bad for me to eat and very expensive too! It literally tasted like cardboard and a cheap pizza in a developing country tastes way better! Im not exaggerating! I think this is one place where ppl go to be seen because we really do not understand how it can still be serving its pizzas. Service was ok tho...just really bad pizza!Oh, UNA. I'd heard so many delicious things about you, but I took one look at your menu online and thought, "well what can a vegan like me eat at UNA? Same cheeseless pizza I could get anywhere else."

Nope. Not like "anywhere else." UNA creates magic out of simple ingredients, and transforms them in to a vehicle of deliciousness headed straight for your belly. Does it taste better, because we had been driving around for a bit and every kitchen down 17th was closed at 11, except for UNA's? Perhaps. 

The true test is busting open your boxed up leftover Margharita (and if I hadn't been with company last night, I would've happily shoved the entire pizza in to my face while watching Doctor Who reruns on my phone) and finding that it tastes even better the next day. What is this sorcery? UNA. 

Our server last night was attentive (adorable!), friendly and full of smiles and genuine interest as to what brought us to UNA at midnight. Everyone behind the counter was equally nice, right down to the lady who picked up my friend's phone as it clattered loudly on to the floor, and inspected it for n00ds right before handing it back. 

Must come back and try their Mushroom pizza and the warm Olives appetizer. Must come back for wine. Must come back for smiles and good times. Must come back...I would give it 3 stars for the nice simple pizza, but a smidge high pricing on the pizza, on the small side tagliatele portion size and the gall to charge $3 for EACH pop one orders knocks it down a star.

Pizza is more like the pizza I had in rural italy, simple, chunky toppings, not overloaded, ultra thin crust, done in a inferno oven for moments giving it that bubbly texture. It's cheap to make in Italy, regarded as quick and easy peasant food, but alas isn't priced accordingly at UNA.

It is delicious though, way better than the over the top "everything and the kitchen sink" Boston Pizza style.

Tagliatele was rather on the small side, no way is that $15.

I checked the bill after I walked out, thinking it seemed a bit high. $3 for EACH pop? 

What the duck guys? Nearly every man and his dog has no charge refills. Come on! Being an ex-publican I know that postmix is 2-3 cents to make for a half pint.

Bonus though, the waitresses are adorable and there's usually plenty eye candy about.

But, I think I will stick to the pizza place next to the Tilted Tit - sorry, Tilted Kilt.Great quality food, upbeat setting and friendly staff. Just a wonderful place. My favorite is the sauteed prawns with lemon, garlic, flambéed with sambuca. What an amazing dish from their tapas menu, which they categorized as "bar." The taste just explodes in your mouth.  The tomato arugula salad was unbelievably refreshing.  It was a soul dish... the dish was marked by the freshness of the ingredients.  I also loved how creative the place is - an audiobook is played in the washrooms instead of music. Hilarious. They made it to my list of restaurants I would come back to again and again.The food was absolutely delicious, but the first time that my friend & I tried to go for supper, we were told it would be an hour and a half wait. So we decided to go another day for lunch instead, and it was great. Short wait time for our food & it was delicious. They are also able to offer gluten-free options for those that require those options. The only thing I found problematic with the place was the decor, and how there was a large geometric painting with black & white pictures of Aboriginal people on the wall... I was kind of curious as to how it 'fit' the place as an Abo person, myself.Pizza is good, location is good, service is good. The space is a bit reduced and loud. Good for an informal night out with a couple friendsI went to UNA for a late night meal with a good friend. It was a fantastic experience.

We ordered the prawns to share, and then the sausage and four cheese pizzas. Of course, it was way too much food, but it was much appreciated the next day for lunch.

The pizzas are thin and tasty, and the prawns are made with a Sambuca-based sauce that is incredible (they give you bread for dipping). However, I've had amazing pizza in many places, it was the ambience that really got me.

UNA reminded me of the best parts of the Montreal dining scene. The restaurant was dimly lit, giving it a casual and cool vibe, as opposed to romantic. The crowd was completely mixed -- from couples in their 20s on a date to men in their 50s splitting expensive bottles and catching up. And the decor was interesting and reminded me of a bistro.

UNA is a great place for a meal with friends or someone you've been dating for awhile. It's almost too great to waste on a potentially bad first date.Una used to be our favourite place for pizza. Because of our work and traveling schedules we haven't been to Una for a while, maybe not since the new take out started. 

Our last visit my partner and I were so disappointed. The kale salad was wonderful as always,the atmosphere awesome, service fantastic, but when our pizza came we were surprised by the crust.  Which is why we kept coming back. 

Just the look of the pizza crust when it came to our table was different and when we tasted it we had to ask the server if we got a gluten free crust by accident. (Sorry to any gluten free people, sorry that you have to eat crappy tasting crusts) The server said the weather outside affects the rising of the dough so that maybe that was what we were tasting different . Kind of strange we thought, we should have sent it back. As we look around at other pizzas being delivered to tables they all looked the same, flat and white. The bubbly crust, slightly browned, with a crusty bottom was gone. Even when I went to the bathroom and saw the pizza lined up to go into the oven they all looked like the one we got. What would be the point of sending it back, the crusts are different. 

We have been to Una hundreds of times over the years, all seasons and never have we had a crust like this, if we had we wouldn't have come back the copious amounts of times we have. I can't see the weather playing that much of a factor, and if it did there needs to be adjustments made to the dough. My partner and I wondered, has una gone to a frozen dough? That's how bad it was. 

Sorry Una, we won't be back, it is sad as we love the vibe, but the pizza is what we always come for and it's changed.Very happy to have Una a short walk away, as the food is quite good.  I had an amazing summer risotto here once, & the fresh pasta dish currently on the menu is yummy. The fresh pasta texture is very obvious, & the sauce is wonderful. Also, the fleur de sel caramel gelato is worth every penny. Exceptional! Especially the mouth feel. 

The pizza is very good, enough so that we have ordered it for take out more than once. (if you don't like thin crust pizza, then just stop reading here) One recurring problem is way too much oil added as a topping - when it makes the entire pizza box soggy, or leaves huge pools on your plate in the restaurant, then maybe the kitchen should dial it back a bit. Mind you, this doesn't happen every time, & not every type of pizza on the menu involves drizzled oil.  

They need to bring back the Cajun pizza! Amazing hot pepper combo. 

Wine list is decent & I really like their house red as an affordable glass of vino (both house wines are apparently blended exclusively for Una). But I grew up with acidic red wine so that works better for me than for some people. I'm that weirdo who uses reds recommended for steak dinners as sipping wine, so be warned.  

Not very happy with the "no reservation" policy, as it is quite onerous for people with mobility issues. No, I can't expend extra energy walking to a bar a block or two away so I can wait an hour for a table to open up, then walk back. I honestly can't imagine that the policy is more efficient than taking reservations, as people must bail either way (if you follow their Twitter feed you will see that this happens a lot) Usually, I just plan on going elsewhere. 

Otherwise, I generally end up at Una in the afternoon, when you are almost guaranteed to get a table. On the few occasions I have eaten here at night, I either send my partner to see if there is a table then have him text me, or I show up ridiculously early, like before 5:30. 

Accessibility - door has a step but that is ok because only a child sized wheelchair might have a chance in here. The place is ridiculously cramped, so much so that if I sit on the bench side my dining partner has to pull out the table for me to be able to get up using my cane. Once we sat at the bar, & our chairs were whacked so hard so many times we have vowed not to sit there again during rush hours. There is apparently just not enough room for staff to pass by between the bar & tables; they have no choice but to jar your chair. I haven't been back to the washroom in years but it's so difficult to get there if you are in a wheelchair that its inner accessibility is really not relevant.

Vegetarian options - yes! They usually have a veg special pizza these days in addition to the regular menu, & there is usually at least one more main no-meat dish on the menu (such as the fresh pasta). However, I worry about how careful they are with keeping vegetarian food vegetarian, given that the last time I expressly asked for my leftovers to be packed separate from the meat, we got everything slapped together in one box. It's pretty annoying to pay for a whole pizza then only get to eat half. Yes, the pizza is tasty enough to be annoyed about this! :)There are so many positive reviews of Una that I will only briefly add to the chorus of Yelpers that have enjoyed their meal.  First of all - a Harry Potter audio book playing in the bathroom?! Seriously delightful.  There was another book being read when I left, although I didn't recognize the title it made going to the bathroom pretty fun.  Since I did not see any reviews commenting on parking, I would recommend taking transit or walking.  I'm not familiar with this area of Calgary, but the restaurant was on a busy street and there was no street parking out front.  I expect that there are pay lots in the vicinity, but nothing adjacent to the restaurant.  We went at 4:00 pm on a Saturday and were seated immediately, but there was a large line out the door by the time we left (6-ish).

Our food here was as good as I expected!  My group of three tried three different pizzas: the Tiki, which is their take on a Hawaiian, the four maggi (cheese), and the special of the day, which had honey mustard, arugula, and roasted chicken on it.  All were fantastic, and their crust is really unique.  It's soft, kind of chewy and held up all the toppings well.  I loved the super thin pineapple on my pizza, and my pineapple-hating husband loved it too, to everyone's surprise.  Top notch casual dining, and a perfect choice for pre-race carb loading.I love the atmosphere here! The staff is extremely nice especially the bartenders. There is something really special about being seated at the bar. You get to watch them make their amazing Old Fashioned. Its a must see!! The pizza is good especially with the Chili oil. The pizza isn't the same without it. I would have to recommend the beltliner pizza or the sausage pizza. Both are very good!11/10 would recommend visiting, like right now. UNA is good enough to drop everything your doing in order to get there RIGHT NOW. 

You will probably have to wait for a table, but it's well worth the wait. The atmosphere is fun, funky, intimate, and sets the tone really well. They have a good selection of wine, and I love that they use high quality ingredients in all their dishes. The service is friendly and laid back, but never lazy. 

Their pizzas are each very unique and I would recommend trying a few different ones, although it's hard not to pick a favorite and get the same one over and over. If you're looking to start with something that's not in the pizza zone the Kale Caesar Salad is a must try. 

I compare every single gourmet pizza place I visit to UNA, and I have yet to find one I love quite as much (despite hitting specialty pizza places in multiple different cities).Good but disappointed, as I know excellent pizza from good, and the distance between the two is easy to discern.

A few people told me about how good Una Pizza was, but when I got there and ordered one of their recommended pizzas with a drink, it was, quite simply, underwhelming.

Great pizza is hard to find! The dough is the foundation, the sauces form the flavour base, and the ingredients all have to hit the sweet spot, and price does the rest. 

These semi-gourmet fresh-made pizzas are very good, but just not that special. 
Want a treat of a pizza for a mere $12 instead of $20-30?
Check out the nifty little fast Blaze pizza place on 4th Street in Mission, and be pleasantly surprised.

As for Una, if you live nearby and like the ambience of 17th Avenue on a warm summer night, by all means. But for anyone claiming to be a foodie, this pizza isn't what it could be.

Too bad.I keep going back because I love the food and atmosphere.  The pizza is great but dont sleep on the rest of the menu.  Especially the meatballs!  And the wine!This pizza was incredible, not the best pizza I've ever had because I've had pizza in Italy, but it was very very good, my favorite was the one with prosciutto and Arugula. It's their best seller.In fact so much arugula it shows up it looks like a salad pizza. But with beautiful very expensive aged Parmesan melted on top.  We also had roasted cauliflower which was delicious and creamy with dates which added to the sweetness, and also the four meat pizza which was great but a little salty. But my sons loved it . The staff are great despite the crowd, even though it's only Thursday the place was totally buzzing and crowded and lovely. The tables were a bit too close together for me but it was worth it for the great food and service. Great high ceilings. The photos on the bathrooms kill me, they are hilarious I will include them in this review. If you have good taste and you watch Saturday Night or Brooklyn 99 or love Andy Samberg you will get the joke. Also if you use the bathroom you will laugh, while you're sitting on the toilet instead of listening to boring music you will hear the Harry Potter audiobook read by a distinguished English actor he sounded like John Cleese, it was hilarious. Huge compliments ---thanks to the staff ......PS If you are looking for a restaurant locally; Whatever you do, NEVER go to the Calgary restaurant The Guild. The insane manager literally called the police and tried to put me "under citizens arrest" for accidentally knocking over a glass of wine- see my full review here    https://www.yelp.ca/biz/the-guild-calgaryWarning : Don't be too high maintenance - like having an allergy or asking too many questions! I got attitude, then ignored, by two different servers.  Too bad because food was delicious. Won't go back.So we went to UNA with high hopes for great food! what did we get? really good food! I loved it thought it was worth the hour that we had to wait to get inside!

So when we got to UNA the place was thumping with a lot of peeps! all stuffed into a relatively small space! It may not seem appealing but it actually kind of has a cool vibe when you are stuffed in their like a sardine! Anyway the hostess told us it would be about an hour wait and took my phone number! off we went to wet our hungry beaks and kill some time for the meal to come!

We went back and got some beers while waiting in the boot room and finally got a table. The three of us quickly ordered the white anchovy tapas! very nice! a great way to get things rolling! 

So then we ordered some appetizers. Salt cod brandade and some halved small potatoes with a dip! both were quite good! and I was pleased to see the portions being a decent size for the three of us!

Finally we got some pizza I went with the classic margarita ! It was delicious well prepared with good high quality Buffalo Mozza nice flavorful sauce . It had a great flavor and the crust was great! Was not to droopy but also had the crunch and a just a tiny bit of char on the edges! It was really good, and yes the toppings are a not piled on, but its a tribute to how they do it in italy !  the ingredients are of a higher grade so It makes sense to put less! less toppings also creates a different dynamic, every bit is a little different! I suspect that if UNA had a wood fire oven the pizza would be just a little bit better, they might have a bit more of an edge but I cant say it really made a huge difference in my mouth.

I tried the potato pizza, it was quite good but  the potatoes were a little to thick very sligtly undercooked! I also tried the bianca pizza, that one was also really good!

I love pizza! in all its forms! from greasy, sloppy, over topped deep dish! to thin crust ,wood fired, high grade ingriedient and simple ! UNA has their way and its certainly the more authentic way. All over europe you will find most pizza places cooking them in this fashion. So get your pizza hat on! this place certainly is worth eating at! I will be back ! ONE  DAY! Check it!Came for an early dinner. So glad there wasn't the usual wait, definitely best to come ~5pm as the place fills up quickly on weekdays.

Initially I was put off by the mention of filtered water for $2 per person on the menu. (Water was offered without any price indication) Thankfully the charge for water did not appear on the final bill.

We had the Sambuca sautéed shrimp and salami pizza. The shrimp were perfectly cooked and very tasty, although the portion of bread could be bigger to mop up the sauce. The pizza was properly cooked with flavourful crust and great toppings.

Glad to see a proper pizza alternative to Famoso.

Will definitely be back for moreU is for unbelievably amazing
N is for nice and relaxing atmosphere, mixed with a pinch of fun and hoppin'
A is for absolutely worth it


Imagine chatting it up with a friend/business owner a few stores down from UNA telling them about the amazing pizza you just devoured with your friend. Your friend jumps in and advertises your obvious passion for the pizza and how your practically begged to go there....THEN...you leave the scene. Later you find out the owner of UNA was standing there all along waiting for help from your friend/business owner. HAHA...how fun. Good thing I don't get embarrased!

The funny thing is I have never been one to LOVE pizza...I always found it...meh. Well...this has all changed thanks to the little shop on 17th called UNA. In fact pizza has now become a regular part of my  vocabulary....shocking for those who know me, and perhaps those who do not. :P

On a serious note...please do yourself a favor and go try the margharita pizza. Make sure you add cherry tomatoes AND you order a side of olives. If you are disappointed I will personally accept all blame.....please write to me and I will offer my condolences. And maybe suggest option B (Famoso Pizza) 

Thank you UNA pizza!
Ps. I LOVE the different displays of art and funky music. One time there was a recording of a man's voice talking about love in a way like no other...I wanted to stay in the washroom to hear every bit. So thought provoking. But not enough to get my mind off the pizza :)I love UNA! Great vibe, delicious food and unique pizzas on special. The almonds and the kale caesar are amazing!!!I moved away from Calgary 3 years ago now but every time I come back for a visit, a mushroom pizza from Una is a must! I've tried mushroom/fungi pizzas from various restaurants in Edmonton and Calgary and hands down, Una's is the best! They put a good amount of toppings on the pizza and the arugula, truffle oil and mushroom pairing is so addictive and amazing. I have even had my sister bring Una to Edmonton for me. Their kale Caesar salad and peanut chocolate dessert is also delicious.

I would say the only downside to Una is that the venue is quite small and they are almost always busy - meaning no reservations and usually a wait between 30mins to over an hour but they let you have wine while you wait so that's a plus.One of the reasons I love venturing out to new eats are trying places like Una which is numero una in my books (that doesn't make sense but you get the gist!)

This place is crazy busy on a Friday night so expect to wait an hour before getting a table which isn't so bad when they offer drinks in the waiting area and you have two pals such as Kenny M. and Dan D. to shoot the breeze with to pass some time.  Oh and Thai Thai is right next door if you want to wet your beaks before din din.

One appey I highly recommend is the Salt Cod Brandade!  Dip anything in it and your sufficiently satisfied until the main course.  The $2 morsels of white anchovy tapas are also a treat that leaves you in anticipation of what could be next!

On top of that, the pizza's we ordered were deeeelish!  I love how their simplicity emphasizes the quality ingredients being used.  From the Margherita with its refreshing san marzano tomato sauce to the Bianca's creamy buffalo mozzarella, these scrumptious pies were definitely deserving of their gorgeous names.  Not too mention the honey truffle sweetness of the Potato.  The name may not have been as graceful, but it tangoed with our taste buds just the same.

All I remember about the interior of this place is that it was a small and cramped but that added to its charm. With good tunes to boot. Definitely a fun atmosphere especially after some Sir Perry's cider teehee.

Very anxious to hit UNA up again, you down?!

Adios Yelperinos!Great place that I and a friend stumbled upon. Enjoyed two delicious appetizers: one was roasted asparagus with an egg, combined with a aioli mayonnaise. It was good. The second was roasted zucchini with pine nuts, melted parmesan cheese and dill- very tasty.
We also shared a vegetarian pizza of artichokes, feta etc- it was very nice but needed some extra spice so we added a bit of chilis. Crust so very crisp and thin, which is a nice change from my usual pizzas made at home.
Definitely enjoyed the meal, and the service was attentive without being obtrusive.Raspberry beer and prosciutto pizza :-)Margherita Pizza, best hands downRestrooms are up the stairs in the back. Careful on the way down. It's dark and dangerous.The mushroom pizza is still my fave! Mmm truffle oil!Friendly service made the 15 minute wait worth it. Hope the pizza is this good!4 Maggi pizza and Sausage are the ones best! Paired with tartastic beer perfect!Get here early - crazy busy, but worth the wait!Margerita PizzaIf you get the 4-Maggi add mushrooms to it, tastes great together (if you like mushrooms)Simply perfectAlways yummyThey are going to be changing their house red wine here soonProsciutto wrapped walnut stuffed dates!! Yes!To add some kick to your pizza ask for the chili oil, it is so good!The mushroom pizza is hard to beat.Menu changes frequently!  The mushroom and the kale/zucchini pizzas are sooo good... Even if you aren't vegetarian!Great food, great service!New Steak is Amazing!!Best Pizza"Shucks!" We missed 3-5pm oysters! :)Sunday Chef makes a killer pizzaBe prepared for the long waitGreat Xmas eve dinner for 1No AC. Bummer in the summer. It is Canada after all.The best place to go as a couple or with friends.audio books playing in washroom.Don't forget the chili oil!tomato salad - excellent as well!If you like hip and trendy AND if kale caesar salads sound good followed by some amazing wood fired pizza, well then this place is for you!
In all seriousness they have a great menu - not a ton of items, but actually a good amount to satisfy everyone's needs, and everything is fresh and delicious.
Can't go wrong!Has a real big city vibe to it... Like you're in the east village in New YorkGreat pizza; light and fresh; thin crustamazing food. and as of lately, amazing service!!!Can't make reservations and place is very intimate, so unless you come before 4:30, you'll most likely be seated right away, after 5:30 or so, prepare to wait....Their tomato sauce reminds me of Italy. Amazesauce.My favourite place for pizza, and their kale salad is amazing!Reopened today!Kale and lemon salad is amazing!4 Cheese Pizza is unreal! Great atmosphere.Good pizza. Nice atmosphere. Priced high.4-Maggi honey truffle oil pizza. I dream of this!Don't get caught having just a beer at the bar while you wait for your table or you will be asked to move back to the entrance.The best!!!Una is the best. Consistently delicious and amazing with the best staff.Indecisive? Get there early and have a drink at the bar..  Watch what's coming out... Your nose will guide you to what you want!I like this place, pizzas are terrific, the buffalo mozarrela  as appetizer is great.  I will recommend to stop by they will take your phone number and call you when the table is readyNice environmentThey have very good gluten free bases available, but it's not so obvious on the menu so just ask!Open late and it's good!Cheese pizza was amazing!!!Great atmosphere. Great gluten free bread!Food was good and the service was fantastic. We'll be back. Mango Shiva is a modern Indian restaurant.  The butter chicken and garlic naan bread is consistently great. The food is displayed in a beautiful French style, with all the great tastes of India. The serving staff ALWAYS accomodate you on special needs and requests.Love it here - One of my favourite places in the Core to go for lunch - Its always a big buffet spread and even though its usually quite busy during the noon lunch hour, I find their service to be impeccable - Have been coming here for the last 4 years and never had an issue with the service or the food.Best indian food in Canada.  better than Vij's in Vancouver. Amazing Pakistani Biryani!Below are the stats.. 

1. Appetizers - 4.5 stars ( were so good - we tasted vegetable cakes and I could visit this place again just for the appetizers and the cocktails)

2. Drinks - 4.5 stars(tasted mango sling - that was a surprising, altogether in a big glass and tasty too)

3. Main course - 2.5 - 3 stars.( not so tasty, the first taste of the food felt good but it was not maintained till the end , Nan was burnt a little more than necessary and had some burnt ashes too on it which spoiled the taste, lamb curry was not tasty too) 

4. Place - 4 - 4.5 stars

5. Service - 4 - 4.5 stars.

6. Price - 3 stars ( expensive, not worth the price , they have happy hours too between 1pm and 5pm, should be worth trying during happy hours) 

As I am a foodie and the point I looked for was food. So I wanna rate it around 3.5 stars but i can only go with either 3 or 4 stars. Now I am going with 3 stars. May be if it can impress on my next visit then I would go with 4 stars.This is my favourite spot for Indian food in downtown Calgary.  The food, and ambience combined with exceptional service makes this joint a perfect place for a nice lunchLast night me and a friend decided to drop in for a late dinner. We arrived at around 9pm. As soon as we walked in the door we were met by who we later found out was the floor manager. I was wearing shorts which he made quite evident by one of those looks that he was not pleased. He grudgingly directed us to our table with his pretentious nose in the air.

Very soon after we were seated our very pleasant server arrived with the menus and immediately took our drink order. The drinks arrived shortly after and we ordered our meal. Our server was excellent in her recommendations for dinner as we wanted sharing nibbles. We ordered the appetizer taster platter and butter chicken naacos. 

As we were waiting for our food to arrive we noticed the table across from us was getting their food. This is when things went down hill. The very same bitchy queen manager was serving these poor people. He literally threw their plates of food down on the table. If you could have seen the look of shock from all 4 diners at the table!!

Our food arrived a short time later and everything was amazing and cooked to perfection. Our server again was fantastic. We enjoyed or meal, paid our bill and headed toward the door. Just as we were about to exit the building we overheard another table of 4 complaining to their server about the same crabby, arrogant manager who had served them.

This "manager" should not be in the service industry dealing with people. If he treats his paying customers like this I can only imagine how he treats his coworkers!!I have had a bit of experience with Mango Shiva in the past, but yesterday is the first time I have ever gone there for dinner.

In the past, my experience has been:
- 2 events that had Mango Shiva cater -- both were charity events.  One for Breast Cancer (Aveda Event at the Institute), one for Canadian Liver Foundation (Liver Up Talent Show)
- I had the priveledge of attending an Yelp event a month ago.

Yesterday, I went to Mango Shiva with a friend for dinner and had an unbelivable meal.  I had the Pork Vindaloo, which was recommended to me by the friendly waitress, when I mentioned I wanted something with "heat".  Not only was it delicious, it was so tender that I didn't even need a knife to eat it.  it literally fell apart with a fork.  The other nice touch, was a few fresh purple grapes, cut in half, on top of my Vindaloo dish.  It was delightful to take a scoop of hot vindaloo, and to have the contrast of a cold, sweet grape in the same mouthful.  Ahhhh... simple pleasures!

We also split the oven baked samosas (delicious), and I had a salad (fresh diced mangoes were a nice touch) as well.  My friend ordered the butter chicken.

I had the opportunity to try not only my meal, but I snared a taste of the butter chicken as well, and everything was delightful.  The butter chicken even had a tiny beat of heat to it (but my vindaloo kicked its butt for heat - as vindaloo should).  And the butter chicken also had a delightful, smoky flavor to it as well.  It was extremely delicious!

I had the CannonBall Cabernet Sauvignon, and we split the Chili Chocolate Cake for dessert.  A split wouldn't necessary be a fair comment.  I am confident I ate most of it.

The bathrooms there were cool, but admittedly a little alarming.  With my full belly and a glass of wine under my belt, I had a tough time figuring out which bathroom was the mens and ladies at a quick glance.  The urinals on the left were a dead giveaway, and then I clued into the pretty pictures in the glass.  Pretty girl -- I guess I'm not that smardt.  :D

I will definately be back at Mango Shiva to try more of their menu, and my friend said that he can't wait to bring his parents there next week.  He's confident his folks are going to love it there.

Great work, Mango Shiva!Every time I'm in Calgary I go here. Their mango lassi are to die for, and I have never been disappointed with their food. 

One of or party had a medical emergency, forcing us to cut our dinner short and leaving us unable to stay and eat in the restaurant. Despite a large number of factors that made our evening stressful, the management went out of their way to apologize and made us feel appreciated.Mango Shiva isn't the restaurant you go to for 100% Authentic™ Indian food. There are other restaurants in town for that. You go to Mango Shiva for the pleasant atmosphere, decent and friendly service and the delicious "Fusion" food.

Now, normally, I hate Fusion food with a passion. Especially Western-Asian fusion. It usually just means the chef in the back hit up aisle 25 in Superstore and came back with a buttload of Kikkoman and ginger. And for me, since I generally can only eat 1-5 items on most menus in town; it means some very bland and goopy chow mein/stir fry labeled the "Exotic Noodle Bowl." Vegetarians and Vegans alike both know and fear the "Exotic Noodle Bowl" all over the continent.

- end rant -

But Fusion is something Mango Shiva seems to do rather well. Were the Vegetable Cakes and Masala Cauliflower dish something I would be able to find if I was suddenly whisked away to Goa? Maybe not, but they were both delicious. The vegetable pakoras in the Masala Cauliflower dish were delightful, savory nuggets surrounded by a tomato based gravy that one can't help but spoon over your fluffy basmati rice. Oh white rice, why must you be so tasty and evil at the same time? And everyone enjoyed the Vegetable Cakes, even one crazy blonde in blue that floated in to the restaurant with visions of lamb chops dancing on her brainmeats. Our server Tony (minus Toni and Toné) was charming and helpful without hovering and knew just how to talk to me in to spending half my dinner budget on booze. 

If you were at the Elite Party in March and enjoyed the Mumbai Mule, they've been renamed the Passion Fruit Mule and are still just as deadly! Also, Mango Shiva seems to have taken a cue from the many voices on Yelp stating their confusion over the bathrooms and have put up signs. Yay! Now I don't have to wonder what the funny looking bidet-type-deal is alongside the toilet. Although, I'm still wondering what possessed the designer for Mango Shiva to okay the wall of giant right hands flicking imaginary paper footballs behind the bar.

Glad I was able to help out on the last night of Yelp Eats! High-five for less hungry kids this fall, everyone!Dine Out Calgary (AKA - Calgary's version of Winterlicious) just wrapped this past weekend and I took full advantage of set price dining across the city.

Having heard mixed reviews about Mango Shiva, it was due time I experienced it and drew my own conclusions.

First of all, I must say: the ambiance, the environment, the service and the vibe of this place is *awesome*. I truly enjoyed myself and this was by far the most impressive experience I've ever had at an Indian restaurant in Calgary.

The staff makes it a point to go above and beyond when it comes to decor and service, and a lot of the Indian restaurants in Calgary let these qualities fall by the wayside. I appreciate the effort they put into creating the perfect atmosphere in their restaurant, and I have to say, they are most successful in doing so.

On to the food.

Starting with oven-baked filo pastry samosas, and ending with gulab jamuns served with fruit and ice cream, not only did the presentation blow my mind, but the food blew my tastebuds out of the water. Delicious ,well-prepared, and yes, presented with thought and expertise, Mango Shiva sits in a league of its own.Great and innovative Indian food. Elegant place, perfect for a date or even a business lunch. Very attentive staff and the food it's amazing.This place has been added to my list of new favourite restaurants in Calgary. Right from the get go I knew I would like it: Very friendly greeting by the hostess, bright, modern but cozy decor and atmosphere and a nice menu selection. I sat in the cozy lounge area and didn't bother ordering an appetizer when I saw that the main dishes come with naan and rice and that was a wise decision as I was one person eating the main course (it could easily be shared if you rounded off your meal with a small app). I chose the South Indian Seafood curry with a glass of Gewurtztraminer that went nicely with that dish. My seafood curry was beautifully presented and accompanied by a silver dish of jasmine rice and a generous serving of yummy garlic naan. The curry was flavourful and slightly spicy (just perfect if you like medium level spiciness). It included beets, scallops, shrimp and a decent portion of salmon. I ate the full dish because it was so delicious and walked away quite stuffed. To top it off the service was excellent making the whole experience overall fantastic. The icing on the cake was checking in and getting a 10%off coupon on my meal which I used right away-thanks Yelp!I dont normally hand out 5's but mango shiva is amazing.

Great loctation, just a short drunk stumble from its nestling on Stephen Ave to the CTrain.

Always wanted to go in but never did until the YELP ELITE party and regretted all those times I walked by without going on. After the party with all the yummy samples and cocktails, we had to go back.

We went on a thursday, with 4 other couples sitting down for a meal. So not super busy. Ordered out favourite, Pakoras was our starter - chickpea yumminess! My husband and I were debating ordering a second dish of it! .. but we decided we wanted to have room for the main.

I ordered "seasonal vegetables in vindaloo curry, with rectulance - because I hate when restaurants write "seasonal vegetables" - on one hand, it seems tacky - on the other it leads me to think that they are buying local and depending on what the farmer has, is what they will serve. But aside from my pickiness with the name, IT WAS DELICIOUS! Yummm, i love mango shiva and they way they make the tofu! Paradise - and me, im not a spicy girl but this was delicious!

* Im not going to write what my husband had, as after going joined Yelp to start writing his own reviews! Check out NormanF !


The atmosphere is awesome, we always have a blast when we go. Its classy, and the bar is always booming! 

5 Star for sure!Average food AWFUL service

This restaurant appears to be more of a hype than substance. As an Indian that has an appetite to try various cuisines - I have tried Indian food at many restaurants across the globe and can easily come to the conclusion that the food served at this restaurant is nothing beyond average. 

The decor is nice and creates a good ambience. Unfortunately the service is awful (also appears amusing at times). 

A couple of experiences during my visit to try their lunch buffet: 

When I asked a female Indian server if there was soup in the buffet she showed me DAL MAKHANI (KAALI DAL) as the soup. Even though I was shocked because no Indian would tell another Indian that Dal Makhani is a soup - I found it quite hilarious. Dal Makhani is an Indian vegetarian dish that goes with Roti (Bread) or Rice. It belongs to the curry category in Indian foods.  

When I requested plain roti without butter - at first they served me NAAN (the server had perhaps not paid attention to what I was asking - so I repeated my order PLAIN ROTI with NO BUTTER).. the second time he gave me ROTI loaded with Butter - by then I had lost my energy to repeat what I had ordered in the first place.  

One of the servers even took my dish away while I was still eating (though I think it was by accident) :-)

As an Indian I certainly don't recommend this restaurant unless you want an annoying experience that at times can also be amusing.delicious! the place was packed, we had no reservation and the hostess appologetically sat us by the front door. it was totally fine & we were happy to get in. had the lunch buffet - great value @ $20, lots of choice and the buffet trays were being replaced regularily. their coconut pudding will bring me back... so good. but stick to water, a diet coke will set you back $3.95.Dosa's were delicious! Although if they were inside instead of competing with Stephen Ave patrons it would have been better! 
ALSO DELICIOUS RICE PUDDING!!! seriously so good!Food and cocktails were so delicious that we went twice while we were in Calgary. Highly recommend the Kama Sutra cocktail ~ it's a must!! All the menu items you can throw a dart at the menu and be happy!One of the best Indian foods I have had in Calgary!

Check out their lunch buffet. It's very good quality Indian food for a reasonable 22 $. 
It's always wiser to call and book in advance. (You can book on OpenTable too).Want to eat Indian food and sit on a see-through chair? Well then, you need to traverse Calgary's treacherous one-way streets and hallowed parking garages to find yourself at Mango Shiva on Stephen's Ave.

We had our company Christmas party here yesterday night. I had no clue what to expect, because shockingly enough I've eaten Indian food maybe three times in my entire 24 years of life. (Yikes, that's sad!)

The layout of this place is pretty swanky, as per my aforementioned see-through chairs. I liked the tube-y lights that came down from the ceiling above our table like little mechanical arms trying to get a bite of my delicious butter chicken. 

But before we get to the food, I need to comment on how awesome it is that they have an open kitchen concept and you can see giant plumes of fire shooting out every so often. There was also a delightful man with a glorious mustache whipping up the Naan bread with giant metal bars. I had no idea you needed giant metal bars to make Naan bread, but I was impressed nonetheless by his mustache, concentration, and ultimately the final product of his labors.

ANYWAYS, on to the food. We started off with calamari in a curry sauce. It was delicious - the calamari was a little bit tough, but maybe I just haven't had calamari in awhile. Either way, loved this dish and the curry sauce contrasted nicely with the salty breaded rings.

Then out came a whole bunch of dishes - prawn curry, butter chicken, naan bread, cauliflower with something that must have been deep fried squid and rice. These were all delicious, but my favorite far and away was the butter chicken. 

The butter chicken should have been delivered to our table by a host of angels singing in chorus and floating the plate on a magic carpet. It was that good. We all played nice and let each other get initial servings, but then the battles were one to gobble up the rest of the dish. Naan bread quickly made short work of any sauce left over.

Prawn curry was pranwy and curry-y. The cauliflower dish was rich and zesty. I'm running out of taste-related phrases and simultaneously making myself hungry so I'll cap it off by saying the food was really quite delicious.

The other highlight of the night was my long island iced tea. I decided I'd put aside the beers for a bit and pick up one of these, because heck, at company Christmas parties the name of the game is being liberal with your drink choices. My long island was limey and wonderful. It made my taste buds praise the good lord like a Tabernacle Choir.

Our service was impeccable. Drinks came quickly, dishes came hot and the waitresses were polite and quick on the draw. 

On the whole, based on my limited experience with Indian cuisine I have no idea whether this was authentic or not - I'm leaning towards not. But it WAS a delicious meal for a large group and if you're looking for one of those, it's top notch.

I try not to give away an overabundance of 5 stars, but this place definitely earned it in my mind.Lunch buffet is great.  The selection is very broad and food is well prepared.  I usually avoid Indian buffet, but this one is an exception.  Ambiance is great and a good experience overall.Cheers all around for Mango Shiva and their Friday afternoon "Ladies' Social" special from 1-5. If you're a lady in need of a cocktail on a sunny Friday, find yourself a seat on Mango Shiva's patio and take your pick for 50% off their cocktail list.

I had the Mango Sling and the Mango Shiva Tandoori Caesar. The Mango Sling was super sweet, was there even any alcohol in there? I sure didn't taste any. The Tandoori Caesar was a delicious take on this Calgary classic. The spices used in this twist made it a top-runner for the best Caesar I've had in Calgary. I still have more research to do before I declare a winner mind you....

I don't want to say that our server was excellent, but he was. Except that he was also fun and engaging. He brought us a complimentary plate of poppadom with some mango chutney and even tried to guess what our second cocktails were going to be. So, his guessing skills need a little work... but on everything else he was spot on.

Next up... that lunch buffet I keep seeing the sign for.Mango Shiva is by far one of my favourite restaurants in Calgary. It has a cool modern atmosphere with Indian stylings, and a large communal table at the back near the open window into the kitchen. Always entertaining watching them make naan! The food is also amazing. There is a combination of traditional Indian fare and fusion food. The butter chicken, stuffed mushrooms, and naan sliders are particular favourites of mine. They also have an excellent wine list, though I am no expert on wine. Finally I have always had excellent, prompt and friendly service there. I always leave feeling stuffed and looking forward to my next visit!One of the best places I've been for Indian cuisine in a while! The staff were wonderful and I was so pleased to see that they have mojitos on the menu. We ordered an appetizer and a main to split both were fantastic, but the butter chicken was seriously out of this world! The staff were really friendly and the food came out really quick! I loved that they had gulab jamu, it's my favourite! 

The decor was impressive and I was happy to sit at a table with bench seating and tons of pillows with my back to the open air. If it were nicer I totally would have sat out on the patio.

I've heard they have a fantastic lunch buffet during the week, so I'll definitely be headed back to give that a try. Overall it's a great place, a little on the pricey side but man was it delicious!Excellent dinner here tonight!  A friend and I had a reservation, but our table was still occupied when we arrived, so we took a seat at the bar for abut 10 minutes before being led to a table.

I had the chicken curry (excellent, with strong spice) and my friend had the coconut curry (also excellent and spicy).  With the option of rice or naan as a side, we both chose the naan; unfortunately, this didn't soak up the spice as well.  The excellent server suggested and then brought us some rice free of charge, which was also good.

When arriving, we let the staff know we only had about an hour to eat due to theatre tickets; they were very attentive to watching the time for us and making sure everything was timely.

Overall, delicious food and excellent service.  The only reason for 4 stars was that we were seated near the door and, on this cold night, it was very brisk.  I'm sure the front is a nice spot on a warm afternoon - big windows would allow great people watching - but on a cold evening, I would opt for a table in the back half of the restaurant.Saw the  and decided to give this a try.

Like: Basically everything.  The food was really tasty, a good size and incredibly affordable.  We lingered a little longer than normal after eating but never felt pressured to leave.Dislike: would be nice to have more variety I guess.

The service here is also exceptional! My order had a small mix up, but it was quickly corrected. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience here, and I will definitely try to go back more often.Food and ambiance excellent.  Service very good.  If I had to do it over I would have stuck with the top half of the menu, which is more tapa style.  The mains were great at well, but would have like to sample more of the menu.  Food very stylish, not your typical Indian restaurantThere was a hair deep fried into my pakora.
They were not really apologetic and hesitated to take it off the bill.
They should have taken care of my entire bill.
Absolutely disgusting.I tried lunch buffet here a few days back. Visited this place with very low expectations as I didn't  like it much with the ala carte main course. 
This time all my assumptions were ruled out. Wide variety of items in buffet. 
Chicken was really tasty with the mint chutney(mint sauce). 
They covered almost all items in the buffet along with more options for vegans.
Better to reserve the table before you go.
Also they had sea food,chicken, pork in the buffet. 
Best thing was that rotis were served hot which were placed on the slab at the kitchen.
One another best place to try lunch buffet. I would surely go again to this place.The buffet is here is all right.  It's an Indian buffet with a Californian twist.  Eclectic Indian food.  You've got your naan, butter chicken, lentil curry, other curries, desserts like gulab jamun, and western salads.  Nothing fantastic. Too pricey for my taste.

I find a particular painting of theirs distasteful.  I'm not sure why it would be in an Indian restaurant.  Hmmm...Very good food and service.

Prices are a few dollars higher than you might expect for entrees.  Quality is high, but I can only give the flavors 4 stars instead of 5.Visiting from the states and found this place through yelp. I really enjoyed the atmosphere in the establishment. Sat at the bar and the bartender was very attentive to me even though he was constantly buzzing around making cocktails. 

Ordered the lamb chops with fenugreek curry. The lamb was OK, a tad bit over seasoned but I still enjoyed it. The curry was quite delicious though. I never had a light indian curry before and I really enjoyed the flavor of the fenugreek. Also ordered mango lassi which was pretty standard. 

I'm still adjusting to Canadian prices but this place seemed a tad bit overpriced for me. However with the ten percent off yelp coupon and the fact I used the company card, I can't complain. Overall very enjoyable and I would come back to try their chicken tikka.Fantastic food awful service waited 25 minutes for drinks has to go to the bar ourselves to order again. Waited 50 minutes for food has to request utensils twice.  Great good but need better serviceI have been to Indian Restaurants before, not in Calgary, but I can say that this is likely the best place for this type of food I have ever been to. We needed a quickie lunch downtown and I had read good reviews about Mango Shiva. Lunch boasts a bountiful buffet, not exactly what we were looking for on this date but we attacked it with gusto! Service was fantastic - we came a little early and 1145am and got a seat without a reservation (leaving at 1245pm, the place was packed). I was blown away as the restaurant does not look much beyond a storefront facing it but once inside, it goes on forever! We started out with a Chai tea each, very good. The buffet was fresh and delicious, everything burst with flavour and had a little heat to it as well. The food was warm in temperature and the buffet was laid out well. Naan breab, best ever! We tried a little tiny bit of just about everything and ended the meal splitting a little dipped dessert ball that was to die for! I was really happy spending the lunch hour here. The servers were very good at clearing plates in a timely manner as well as filling up your water glass. Now, this place is NOT cheap. $48 for 2 people with just the buffet and a tea each not including tip. The buffets come to $19 each, not a place to come if you are not hungry or just want to graze. No menu service was available for lunch, on this weekday anyways (MON). Still, the place does a great job and Indian Cuisine now takes on a whole new meaning for me. Will return for a special occasion!We came here for the buffet lunch and really enjoyed all the various curries and other dishes they had on offer. The restaurant itself is pretty and the service was friendly and warm. The food was good, the bread fresh and the curries were tasty. This is a good buffet Indian option for the Downtown core.Great service and great food. We ordered a bunch of dishes to share between four people and we all left full and happy. Sad to see the Stephen Ave location come to a close, but looking forward what is next for the new version of Mango Shiva.Try the Pakistani Biryani with goat. So flavorful!!!! The meat and spices are well immersed into the rice and it comes with a yogurt dressing, garlic naan, and seasoned vegetables/fruits on the side. The veggie/fruit side was a little too strong for my taste but the garlic naan was spot on!

I also ordered a mango lassi for takeout. They don't have takeout cups so they poured mine into a lidded plastic food container and sent me home with a straw. Kudos for being creative!I was on my way downtown looking for some Sikh kebobs. Being new to Calgary I could only think of one place off 17 th. way to far for this adventure so I threw Indian food in the yelp app and hoped for the best. It showed me two places near me. This first was no there and the second was mango shiva. 

I'm going to be honest, I have a butter chicken addiction. I mean traditional tasty butter chicken. This place however sells such incredibly westernized butter chicken I would really call it spaghetti sauce with curry powder mixed in for flavouring. Maybe I'm being to harsh but seriously dislike when Indian restaurants try to westernize their recipes. 

Mostly I hate pay $27 for butter chicken that isn't even spicy... 

The decor of the restaurant is nice but the wait staff was not very good... It really was not busy and I felt like the waiter was preparing for a school bus, or an army to show up. Basically no attention or detail given. 

I don't think it's somewhere I'd recommend to anyone but my mom who pretends she likes Indian but complains its to spicy or ethnic as soon as she gets her food.A beautiful room with lovely, attentive staff.  The food is Indian, but not the typical cold Punjabi buffet.. wonderful, edgy creations that riff on Indian classics.

I'm visiting from Vancouver and this is the first restaurant in a dozen that's hit a home run.  A real gem!

(It's a shame it's across from that tacky eyesore Flames Central.. what moronic city councilors allowed that hideous light board??)This is a fantastic Indian fusion restaurant in a cute area of downtown Calgary. I ordered the salad (with grilled paneer and mango) and the lamb kofta curry. So delicious and seems reasonably priced for the amount of food.

The service was a little slow due to a large party in the dining room, but the waiter comped me a glass of wine for waiting, so I'm a happy girl.

I've eaten at MANY Indian restaurants across the globe, and this place had by far the best (and freshest) naan I've ever eaten.

I would eat here all the time if I lived in this town. Plus, the decor is very hip.Good indian restaurant in calgary. 

Went to their lunch buffet. Lot of good options for vegetarians. Food was authentic indian and had good flavours. They also had a variety of desserts.We ordered the Masala cauliflower and Tandoori chicken along with veggie samosas for appetizers.  Tandoori chicken was a bit dry.  Can't really mess up cauliflower I suppose.

Great service, decent food.Love the food. Will come back even I'm not a fan of Indian cuisine. Very good service, friendly environment. Came in on Friday night, wasn't busy yet so dishes came at a pretty fast speed. Sangria was really good too. Tried their buffet once, won't recommendI just had Buffet Lunch today at this Restuarant today!
Naan(Bread) was nice & their Vegetarian menu is limited & tasted average for the price they are charging.Open Kitchen concept is impressive & clean as you can watch the chef live Preparing the Naan(Bread) or any other item you order :)When Wendy P suggested Modern Indian Cuisine at Mango Shiva a couple of weeks ago during my visit, I was all about it.  And when she suggested I try the Tandoori Caesar, she definitely did not steer me wrong!  (For those naive visitors like me, if you like a spicy Bloody Mary, you'll love the Tandoori Caesar!)

We were also dining with Jennie M (in from Edmonton), and we feasted family style, which was great, so that we could try a bunch of dishes!  We went with a mango salad, Coconut Curried Calamari, the lamb special that evening, the vegetarian version of their infamous Butter Chicken and garlic naan.  It was all delicious and not one dish went unfinished!

We were too full for dessert, but the menu has some really unique sounding options, so I'd suggest saving room if you've got an adventurous sweet tooth!

The decor is comfortable, modern, and Indian chic if that makes sense, and they have a nice patio as well (which overlooks Stephen Ave).  Service was spot on: friendly, fun, and attentive.  Prices are moderate to a tad bit high, but it's worth it for sure.  I'm indeed a Mango Shiva fan!The food was pretty good, but the menu was limited.  The mango lassi was excellent.  The garlic naan was excellent.

The place was a bit more expensive than I had expected. They charged separately for the entrée, the rice and the naan bread.

The waitstaff was friendly, but less attentive than I would have liked -- considering they weren't very busy.Stellar indian cuisine with great staff and amazing ambience. Went twice because there's so much good stuff on the menu!Average food AWFUL service

This restaurant appears to be more of a hype than substance. As an Indian that has an appetite to try various cuisines - I have tried Indian food at many restaurants across the globe and can easily come to the conclusion that the food served at this restaurant is nothing beyond average. 

The decor is nice and creates a good ambience. Unfortunately the service is awful (also appears amusing at times). 

A couple of experiences during my visit to try their lunch buffet: 

When I asked a female Indian server if there was soup in the buffet she showed me DAL MAKHANI (KAALI DAL) as the soup. Even though I was shocked because no Indian would tell another Indian that Dal Makhani is a soup - I found it quite hilarious. Dal Makhani is an Indian vegetarian dish that goes with Roti (Bread) or Rice. It belongs to the curry category in Indian foods.  

When I requested plain roti without butter - at first they served me NAAN (the server had perhaps not paid attention to what I was asking - so I repeated my order PLAIN ROTI with NO BUTTER).. the second time he gave me ROTI loaded with Butter - by then I had lost my energy to repeat what I had ordered in the first place.  

One of the servers even took my dish away while I was still eating (though I think it was by accident) :-)

As an Indian I certainly don't recommend this restaurant unless you want an annoying experience that at times can also be amusing.I got really bad food poisoning from their butter chicken 
Which is my all time favourite Indian dish 
The meat was chewy 
So my first reaction was the cut a piece open and I found it undercooked 
Very disgusted I complained 
& was left paying the bill 
Sooo butter chicken livers bewareI've been here about four times this past year and have always had excellent service.  Whenever there was a delay in service, we were always compensated without asking.  The servers are attentive and polite without being overbearing.  The menu is pricier and smaller than traditional indian restaurants but this is not the place to go for a traditional experience.  The decor and ambiance are lovely, the food very tasty and the portion size nice (hey, if you want a super double meal with unlimited sides you wouldn't be interested in this place, so by nice portion size I mean its a good a regular meal).

Try the mango lassi and chai for non-alcoholic beverages.  Haven't found an appetizer that wasn't excellent.  The new vegetarian menu so far is good (previously the veggie dishes were incredibly tasty but could be a bit  monotonous part way through).  I have heard from my meatatarian friends that the lamb and chicken dishes are to die for.  

Yum!Not a big fan of indian food, but when I went to this restaurant I loved their food; very cool look inside and very friendly service. Basmati rice and Naan ( indian bread ) is always there as much as you want and comparing the price to the food it's amazing. I have had my birthday there with 25 people and they had a huge table for all of us. It's close to the train and has a free parking spot.The welcome here was excellent... we didn't have a booking, but were seated promptly and the staff made us feel like they really valued our custom.

The food was great (apart from the poppadom which was a bit too oily)... we had the pakora's and the vegetable thali... both were delicious.... in fact the thali was supremely good with several different veggie selections :-)

Would not hesitate to recommend and will most likely be back in a week :-)My favorite was the Baked Samosa appetizers, the Tandori mint chicken appetizer was excellent too. 

Everyone voted two thumbs up for the Butter Chicken and the Goat Curry was the best goat we've had. The other two dishes are table shared were Coconut Prawns and the Vegan Platter. The platter had great presentation and fresh flavors. 

The heat in the spice was definitely there in the meat dishes and the samosas. 

Excellent service, but it was fairly quiet Friday evening when our table of 5 was there.Mango featured an amazing chicken dish at the Engineered Eats Yelp event I had attended that I was determined to try whatever else they had to offer.

A friend and I met here for lunch, and I was a little disappointed that they only had the buffet available. My disappointment soon disappeared because they had a great spread - fresh salads, variety of fish, beef, lamb and chicken dishes.

The décor in here is really vibrant, which is a nice change from the dark drab places that line Stephen Avenue. It can get pretty crowded at lunch (why wouldn't it be? The buffet has so much to offer!), but the service is never lacking. 

This place has definitely made it into my lunch dining rotation!It was the last day to use a Groupon that I had purchased. It was for a 3 course dinner. We ordered the butter chicken, braised beef, naan bread, samosas, calamari. 
The issue I have with all the east Indian restaurants I have been to us the lack of meat in their dishes. It's all sauce. The butter chicken had about 6 pieces, the rest was sauce. That was the same with the calamari and the beef dish.
The waitress we had was good. The restaurant itself is large. The cushioned seats seem to be worn with holes.
I heard that this place was going to close  next month. Maybe will reopen a few blocks from where they are now. I also heard that they are going  to open a take away type store in the Kensington area.
Mango Shiva has a great lunch buffet, which IMO is the best value. If you like this place, hurry and get the buffet before it closes.
To sum up my review. Mango S has good tasting food, that skimps on the mains. Lots of sauce though lol.Great Indian restaurant, very good food, 
Nice Bar and decor but not cheap.
Example: two glasses of wine and one entree = 53.55 for one personThis is a nice little Indian restaurant. I found the food here to meet a nice standard with an excellent balance between flavour and presentation. The butter chicken was creamy with great undertones of all the inherent flavours of the dish. There was a North American sensitivity to the dishes that perhaps watered down the intensity of the dishes but I was overall satisfied with the flavour and I think their dishes bring a broad appeal without sacrificing the diversity of flavour Indian food brings. 

I think the most appealing aspect of Mango Shiva was the staff, very friendly and very attentive. Next time I am in Calgary I will certainly go back and try more dishes. I will say I would go back simply for the garlic naan which was absolutely amazing!In the overall bleak Calgary restaurant scene, this place shines. I am biased, as I love Indian food. Some say, true Indian restaurants must look and feel authentic and be cheap. While there are a few such places in San Francisco, I can't speak for Calgary, as while staying downtown, I have only discovered Mango Shiva. And what a gem it is - an excellent Indian fare with a classy, loungy interior and impeccable service. Like most restaurants in Calgary, it is a bit expensive, but the quality is outstanding. I had chicken and lamb dishes here, and all were great. Both nan and rice are delicious, too, and there is an unlimited supply of free papadam, something that not every Indian restaurant would have nowadays. 

I have been dining here weekly while on business in Calgary, and will continue to do so while I'm here.I always come here when I'm craving indian food for lunch downtown. The restaurant is clean, easy to make a reservation and the staff are always friendly.  The food is also very tasty. The buffet isn't huge but there's enough for a good variety and I like that they have a decent spread for vegetarians.   My favourite part of the buffet is the rice pudding, curry vegetables, butter chicken and the seafood curry.I ate dinner at Mango Shiva tonight, using a coupon that I purchased from Living Social (I paid $25 and got $50 worth of food).  I would definitely return to Mango Shiva even without a coupon!

I arrived before my friend and was promptly seated and given water.  The server was very attentive and polite while I waited; I also received some papadums (with a side of chunky mango chutney) to munch on before my meal.  My friend arrived and the server showed us the menus, as well as the drink list and specials menu.  

We both started with their "Dirty Mango Lassi", which is a traditional mango lassi spiked with rum.  All of the drinks at Mango Shiva are fairly expensive, with cocktails ringing in at $9.04 before tax (is that a lucky number or something?), and I would consider going back during happy hour when they are only $6.  We then shared an appetizer from the list of specials, which was their homemade paneer served kebab-style with grilled vegetables (bell peppers and onions).  I admit I'm a lame Indian-food customer because I love the flavours but have no tolerance for the spice (I lost it when I spent a few years living in a "bland" country).  The appetizer was delicious but a bit too spicy for my own tolerance level, which meant it ticked my mouth to the point where I was giggling incessantly.  For a vegetarian main I had the masala cauliflower.  From looking at the tables beside us we didn't think the mains were intended for sharing, but this would have been a great dish to split with another veggie main or even a meat dish (for you omnivores).  The cauliflower was coated in a creamy tomato curry sauce, and on the side there was a zucchini fritter and two yam fritters (not the eggplant listed on the menu).  You get a choice of sides: rice or one of two varieties of naan.  These will be served on the side, so they're also good for sharing.  After the appetizer and the mains we definitely didn't have room for dessert, but based on the high quality of our entrees I'm sure the desserts are delicious!

The ambiance in the restaurant is chic and evocative of India, with lots of warm candle light, transparent furniture and sparkling decorations.  It would be a great place for a date (if the love of your life can handle a little spicy food, that is!) and we saw lots of large groups of friends sharing an evening out.  I think Mango Shiva is a great choice in downtown Calgary.A group of 6 of us went for Supper on Aug 4 and then for brunch on Sunday the 7th while we were attending a conference We loved the food it had so much flavor and depthLoved the butter chicken. I like spicy food and they did not disappoint. This is not watered down Indian food, so those with faint hearts for spice, be warned. Naan bread was good, nothing to stand out but was tasty. Overall a great experience.  Great service too, Will be back!A lovely place. The interior decor is very elegant and the mood is comfortable. The buffet has a good selection of dishes you would expect from an indian cuisine restaurant. Servers were very courteous and quick!I've always loved Mango Shiva. The modern take on some classic Indian foods is nice.

It looks like they are delivering tiffins (a 3 container hot lunch kit basically) downtown at lunch time now. They tweet the tiffin menu for the week(@tiffin_walla). There is a minimum of 6 tiffins/delivery but I think I can easily dig up 5 coworkers to join in. I can't wait to try it.Food: 3.5/5
Service: 4.5/5
Ambiance: 4.5/5
Overall experience: 4/5

(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)

My least favourite cuisine is Indian. However, Mango Shiva hit it out the ball park and I fell in love with their Indian fusion concept and atmosphere. It's a perfect place to go for tapas with friends, a date, or to sip on Indian/ tropical inspired cocktails.

When I first walked in, I was struck by the gorgeous interior of sleek hardwoods, chandeliers, and the sexy ambiance created by smooth jams from a live DJ that night. The lighting was dimmed enough for a romantic feel but not too dark that I couldn't read the menu. 

My friend and I were immediately seated by the window which was more lounge-like with sofa type bankets and pillows to lie on. Our server was really friendly, engaging, and knowledgeable in the food/drinks especially when I asked what wines paired well with our food. 

Don't expect authenticity here. Their dinner menu is simple (about a page long) yet contains many unique Indian inspired items. They have an extensive list of starters which are perfect for sharing (~$8-$18); curry bowls served with naan or basmati rice (~$20-$23); and other mains such as butter/tandoori chicken, lamb, and vegetarian (~$17-$20).

My friend and I ordered their 'Vegetable Cakes' ($9.75) which were 3 hockey puck diameter sized cakes made of spiced carrots, potatoes, and lentils coated with chickpeas and panko served with a mint & roasted tomato chutney. The cakes had a beautiful deep brown and crisp crust with a light spice reminiscent of Indian cooking. Paired with the chutney, this dish was a knockout! If you love to eat 'cakes' you'll love this dish.

We were almost full by the time our 'Rustic Chicken Curry' ($19.95) came out. The dish had plump pieces of chicken thighs braised in a tomato, onion & cilantro curry. We picked naan as our side which was delicious when dipped into the curry. The chicken was slightly dry and the curry was on the thin/watery side. The spices were subdued so the dish was lighter compared to other traditional curries. It was okay curry... kind of bland... but wasn't terrible. For some people, the portion size is just about right (about a medium sized bowl), but I like to try a variety of items so the dish is also good to share. 

Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at Mango Shiva. The dishes were tasty and the atmosphere and service were excellent. If you haven't already been to Mango Shiva, I highly suggest a visit for some tasty tapas!$30 including tax and tip for a mango lassi, probably one of the tastiest I've had and lamb in garam masala with a side of golden raisins, dried cranberries, parsley and couscous (?)


A bit pricey but the lamb shank was large and well seasoned, the service friendly and attentive, the decor original and the downtown location together with the one time yelp discount of 10% made this an enjoyable night out with a good friend.Good curry - had the pork ribs so yummy
Nann - coconut raisin honey is to die for it's so good 
Waitress - really sweet warned me about spicy dishes heheFood was good, service was horrid. Booked a 26 person reservation only to show up to a table with 16 placements and not enough chairs. When we asked for more, 15 minutes later they showed up with stools!... Stools! 

After much debate they finally understood one should have chairs for eating dinner and we were given the patio chairs from outside. At this point, we had stressed so much about fitting our guests into a small table that we didn't even notice that they were out of almost every wine on their list "except" the expensive bottles, which were really our only choice.

Horrible time, they ruined a birthday - why take reservations when you can't deliver? 

Very disappointing overall.Tried out this place after a few different friends recommended it. Was really impressed. We had the pork curry and the veggie thali (a must try for vegetarians). Flavors were bold and clean without being overly rich or spicy. Finished off with a scoop of delicious almond gelato and a super authentic masala chai. I left feeling full but not bloated. Will be back.Mango Shiva and I go way back like old friends that me through yelp parties...yep that's pretty much what I remember Mango Shiva for were these yelp elite events. It's a great way to discover new dishes and cocktails they'll be featuring on their menu, but I feel slightly shameful I haven't actually sat down for a real dinner/meal at Mango Shiva!
The opportunity finally came on date night when me and my lady decided to don our dapper threads. What's great for Mango Shiva is that they aren't busy after dinner time and we got seated with zero seconds of time. Speaking of seconds of time, our waitress had an awesome trick: she noted the exact amount of seconds it would take her to bring whatever our hearts desired. Extra spoon? EXACTLY five seconds. Amazing.
Food. The pakoras and the butter chicken will always be a must. Always. I loved the crispy savory pakoras and their trio of sweet, minty, salty, and spicy sauces. The butter chicken is perhaps the best I've had, it was so savory and flavorful two Filipinos couldn't help but kill two pots of basmati rice. We also got the goat curry, which was spiced very well to hide the gamey-ness of goat. Lastly, the spiked dirty mango Lassi, even Shiva herself couldn't say no to that cocktail symphony!WOW.... thought about going to Flames Central.. instead went here for a few late night drinks... I cannot wait to go back to try the food! (yea.. can u believe that...5 stars without trying the menu?!) 

Ambiance.. great service.. drinks.. and such a unique experience!! It doesn't feel like you're in a wannabe indian/western lounge/restaurant.. they have truly outdone themselves with their fusion. 

I heard great stuff about their drinks.. I'm soo upset I wasn't drinking that night! 

Their bartenders are great!! Even do bottle tricks!.. make you're way down to the bathroom for a seriously lush bathroom experience! 

It's a gorgeous restaurant.. amazing for pictures.. I would seriously consider hosting my own birthday here.. pending the food. I love how you can see into the kitchen

even the patio.. gorgeous.. the front lounge that has the big window that opens to the patio.. even more remarkable... o ps. they play great music! 

Cannot wait to try the food!I had a craving for curry but limited time as I'd already spent half my lunch window shopping, so I was thrilled to see Mango Shiva has a takeaway lunch buffet! For $15 you can fill up a decent sized container to your heart's content! I tried a little bit of lots of things - the pakora is nice and crisp without being too heavily battered, the seafood curry was delicious, the meatball curry was something I'd never tried before but it too was tasty. Tandoori and butter chicken also hit the spot and the featured paneer dish was perfectly spiced. Lots of veggie options if that's your jam. The chef even wrapped up an order of naan to go with my order! 

Overall very delicious, filling lunch. I would definitely hit up the buffet for takeaway again.Mango Shiva is a one-of-a-kind Indian restaurant. Its snazzy, sexy, and apart from having delicious food, serves up a mean cocktail.

In fact, it has a Fridays Ladies Happy Hour that you should be aware of. All their cocktails are half off. Yes ladies! Grab your girlfriend(s) and get yourselves there! Their cocktails have creative names like Tandoori Caesar, Mumbai Mule, etc etc. And they're potent! 

Centrally located just a block from the C-Train, so you cannot go wrong here! 

14/30Entering Mango Shiva is like going on your own personal carpet ride into Aladdin's secret hide away.  With extremely sleek Asian fen shui design and dim lighting, you do feel like you have catapulted yourself to an ultra chic fusion restaurant in trendy Los Angeles.

With that ride goes the same pricing as Los Angeles for your fusion food; it's a tricky thing folks because the meals here are based on South Asian meals but with a twist.   I found them to be smaller portions, delicious but with upper end price tags.  

Imagine tempura calamari in coconut curry, or a Tandoori coconut lobster with a pomegranate salad.  Or how about scallops with cilantro mint curry or having a litchi-honey cream, with fresh litchi, caramelized papaya, and pineapple for dessert.  It's too tantalizing right?

I personally would much rather go to all the way to the recesses of the Northeast for South Asian food to eat good food, for bigger portions at half the cost.  But another side of me knows I am paying for the ambiance and a salivating menu here.  So if you do want to be whisked away, you and your pocket book that is then by all means take the carpet ride.

I must admit once in awhile the voyage and experience is worth the price.Mango Shiva is wonderful! I think it must be the most wonderful restaurant of the planet! ;)Wonderful Indian food, and staff are patient with kids in your party (thank you). Be sure NOT TO MISS the Indian Lemonade. This is their take on lemonade and it is absolutely divine with muddled ginger, fresh lemon, salt, pepper, simple syrup & soda. Order if you're eating spicy dishes...it will cut the spice down with just one sip.Mango Shiva is gorgeous! I don't know when was the last time I was here but I didn't remember it being as pricey as it is.

I was at Mango Shiva on a Thursday night and I was hoping for a dinner special or at least a drink special, but sadly we just missed happy hour (which was from 3-6pm, I think) 

The service was great (although the waitress didn't tell me that raita was included in my Thali vegetarian platter, when I ordered it so I had two). The atmosphere is amazing. The food is yummy although perhaps a bit small especially for the price.

Drinks are about $11, appetizers are about the same then your entrée is anywhere from $17-35 (which is okay if you got unlimited naan or larger portions) and sides like naan, rice or raita is about $5. So for a "casual" night out it can be pricey! 

The plus side is, honestly, the atmosphere-- its super glamorous and when Yelpers check-in they save 10% off the entrees.Not bad lunch - the buffet is pretty good, but definitely a little pricey. I think for the most part they have all of the favorites, Aloo Gobi, Butter chicken, etc. but nothing jumped out at me as spectacular. It's a good place for Indian if you don't want to go for a special occasion.A real taste explosion. Make sure to make a reservation for dinner though.Excellent choice for Indian dishes! There were 4 of us and we started with the pakoras, samosas and chicken lollipops. We then shared the butter chicken, braised beef rib and chicken biryanis. All delicious! The sangria is also a must.Went in around 2 pm for lunch, as I work at a pub down the road and that's when I get my break. There were two tables with people around me and one on the patio. It seemed like they had many staff on shift, but they all seemed to either be cleaning, or just standing around. The one server walked past me 8 or 9 times before she actually (begrudgingly) came over to serve me, about 15 minutes after I had been seated. 
Once I was given the menu, she didn't take my drink order for another 5 or so minutes. My break is limited so I would have liked to get my food order in sooner. 
I ordered the butter chicken. The presentation was nice, and it tasted ok. I'm only saying it was "ok" because there was nothing wrong with it, just that it was a very westernized version of the dish, and not what I was expecting.
When I was finished, a waiter came by and took my plate, and then the same girl came and dropped off my bill and walked away. No asking how my meal was, or if I'd like another drink. 
Overall, I was not impressed by the service, and likely won't be returning.Nice ambiance. Friendly staff and good food. Portion sizes are generous. A tad spicy but fresh and authentic with a nice twist. We had the Pakistani biryani, lamb chops and paneer. Lamb chops were excellent. Dishes came creatively presented. A little pricey but worth it.The best Indian Restaurant in Calgary. Tried the Goat Biryani, Lamb Chops, Butter Chicken, Coconut Kafir Prawns and their Garlic Naan. Highly recommendedthe only negative thing I can say is that it took a long time to bring out our food and to think its a saturday and not crowdedGood environment, great food, ridiculously overpriced for Indian fare. Consider this more a lounge than a restaurant.Great food. Service could be better and the chairs are very uncomfortable but the food makes up for it.Super delicious, went with a group so we were there a while and everything was super fresh and nice flavours.Great experience. Ambience and hospitality was awesome. Food was served well, and was tasty. Location was even nice and it's very close to train station and among happening location sports in downtown. It's a must go.Awesome food!! One of the best Indian food I've tasted in North America! Expensive....and don't accept Amex anymore :( 

My fav is the Kashmiri pulao, Malai kofta and the coconut naan is just wow!! 

-1 star for being super pricey!!This place has been on my 'must try' list for ages now, and a group of us finally tried out their happy hour (3 - 6pm everyday, including weekends).

I arrived just after 4:30pm and the doors were locked but a staff member ran after me and welcomed me inside, explaining that they've been so quiet lately that they have been closing between lunch and 5pm. Hopefully this will change (along with their patio reopening) in a few weeks time.

Every day there are three $5 snack options (get the veggie pakoras and butter chicken naacos!), two $5 draft beers, and a $5 featured red and white wine. The veggie pakoras are a great sharing size with individual fried veggie pieces with two sauces (rather than other versions I've seen which combine grated veggie pieces together) and the butter chicken naacos are two per plate. There's also $2 off all cocktails and a featured daily special - Tuesdays is the Coconut Mojito for $7. The Coconut Mojito was great, and everyone enjoyed the other cocktails that we tried too (Dirty Mango Lassi, the Kama Sutra and the Mango Margarita - ask for the version with ginger and jalapenos not on the menu!). 

Service was great and our server was terrific at helping with cocktail recommendations based on our flavour preferences, which I love. We sat in the lounge style area at the front and got to combine drinking with people watching along Stephen Ave. 

Check out the menu here and I'll see you on the patio in a few weeks: http://media.wix.com/ugd/fd3bf3_2eb6dc9be9da494dbb6c3c6558a52598.pdf.Exceptional food! Four of us went for dinner on Saturday night and we loved everything we ordered. We started with the Samosas (even ordering a 2nd dish) we then shared the Butter Chicken, Pakistani Biryani and a vegetarian platter. They were out of the braised rib which would have been something we also would have tried. Everything was delicious!Really great vegetarian food. Ordered the thali and garlic naan. Super soft naans. And such amazing service. Never expected such a restaurant in downtown Calgary.  And the ambience is terrificI have been to Mango Shiva a couple of times and have thoroughly enjoyed each moment. I recently visited to try out their Big Taste menu with two others, so we each had something different. Everything was as delicious as expected, and I must say my experience with the lamb vindaloo was amazing. The flavours were quite well put together, and along with the rice and naan bread, was a perfect portion. I look forward to many more visits to this establishment.Excellent first experience here.  Food was delicious and great variety.  I love Indian food and was quite impressed with this place.  I highly recommend checking it out!This was an amazing experience. The food, service and ambience are all outstanding here. The butter chicken tacos are worthy of mention and the mixed drinks are a treat. They also have amazing tandoori. Absolutely worth a visit.Our family loves Indian food and this was some of the best tasting I've had. The pappadam (sp?) was light n fresh w excellent mildly spiced mango chutney.  I had pork and I'd give it 5 stars.  Also got tastes of 2 other chicken dishes n were also great. 
Only downside was service.  Took a long time to get menus, to order , to get food, to get check. Our server was very personable. 
Still, I'd eat there over n over n over again.Living in Louisiana, I miss good Indian food. This place really hit the spot. If I'm ever in Calgary again, I'll definitely go back. The restaurant was packed, and the service staff was motoring around to keep the machine running. They provided good service, anyway, despite the large number of people walking in and being surprised there was no table available (reservations were full). I really liked the dal and saag paneer. The mango lassis were great, too, and I like the boozy versions.I Really like this place!!... The desserts are the best!!.. And the food is really good!,.. In addition, the service was very friendly!,.. And the location, is good as well... I would go back there, to have some good and exotic food!,I really want to like Mango Shiva, the food is awesome but being treated like I'm invisible, called me old fashioned, but it just doesn't make me want to go back. The first time I went, the service was awesome when had a fantastic waiter who was very attentive and didn't leave myself and my friend waiting for too long between courses.  The second time I decided to bring family and firstly we were greeted and shown to our table..lovely...fifteen minutes later we were still sitting there waiting for menus.  Eventually the waitress came over took our drinks order and gave us some menus.  Thirty minutes went by I could see our drinks sitting on the corner of the bar but our waitress hadn't come near us.  Just want to point out that there was five staff members working at the time and we were the only customers.  Eventually she came took our food order but still hadn't brought us our drinks.  When the food came I had to point out that they were on the bar!! Yeah, won't be going back.I've been to Mango Shiva 3 times now and it's time for a review.

My first visit was with colleagues during the Calgary stampede and the place was packed. However we had a reservation, were seated fairly quickly and enjoyed our meal

Second visit was with a friend at a less busy period. Food and service were just as good as the first time and I was totally blown away by the mango lassi and watching the chef make the naan in the stone oven. Nothing beats fresh-out-of-the-oven naan. Delish!

Third visit, I was alone and caught the lunch Buffett just after 1 pm. This visit cost them a star in this review. Despite having less than 6 full tables, service was slow and apathetic. I ordered a mango lassi since I remember the previous one fondly and was informed that they had run out. So I settled for a coke which showed up after 10 minutes. ( grabbing a bottle to place on a table should not take 10 minutes in a restaurant that is less than half full) Then I headed for the Buffett and made a beeline for the naan. (At the expense of sounding like an epicurean ignoramus, I go to Indian restaurants strictly for the naan) THE NAAN WAS COLD. I was shattered. The rest of the meal was a blur for me. 

All 3 visits were for the lunch Buffett and while it's not cheap at ~$23 per person, the food is tasty and authentic. You get the usual pickles, mango chutney, rice, butter chicken, curries and rice pudding. 

This is not a 4-star restaurant for me because of the inconsistency in service.Great food , ambiance and service. I tried Pakistani goat biryani and it was delicious.Excellent! Had the Shaan-E-Saag (kale & oyster mushrooms with sides of basmati rice and garlic naan), which was much different than I was expecting but in a very good way. I was way more full than I thought I would be after eating it, too.

For drinks, the mango lassi is blended with a housemade yogurt and tastes delicious.

Great service all night from a friendly staff from New Zealand, India, Azerbaijan, Chile, etc. The decor is also very cool and different than your usual Indian digs.

Lastly, TRY THE INDIAN DUO FOR DESSERT. Just trust me on that one!I'm a bit torn on the star rating for this place.  I'd give it five stars for happy hour (4-6), when many nice cocktails made with premium liquor, beer and wine are $5, as well as several well prepared and very tasty appetizer such pakoras, naan, and gol gappa. Free pappadums for munching. The patio and decor are modern and tasteful with a nod to traditional Indian motifs. 

The dinner menu echoes the decor in this respect. Servings are per-person, served on clean geometric white plates, and have classic Indian spicing combined with Western forms such as leg of lamb instead of lamb stew.  This makes for an upscale Indian dining experience, at the expense of being a little light for the price (e.g. you choose between rice and naan to accompany the meat).  As dinner is their mainstay, on balance I'd give Mango Shiva 4 stars.

Update: the lunch buffet is diverse and very high quality. Bumps the overall rating to 5 stars. Would recommend going for lunch before trying the dinner if looking for a more typical Indian experience.Food was very good ! We got the grilled lamb chops prawns with kafir leaves! Naan was excellent also . Service needed a little more attention! We were there during a very slow time yet service was less than average  ! 
Cheers to the chef for great food!OMG.. so stunned I didn't write this earlier!

I've always bragged about how great Mango Shiva is (after having a private event here, catering to another event and appys). We treated him to a special bday dinner here.

The food is AH-maze-ING!!! It's not your traditional typical cheap indian food. It's full of aromas and flavours - and all very gourmet. I had the lobster, my friend has the lamb and lam shanks, all soo gooood. One of the lamb dishes was spicier - but I love spicy food. 

We had ordered the prawns and tandoorie chicken as appys - again what a hit! 

Ps. the decor is still in tact and gorgeous! Can't wait to spend summer evenings on their patio.I normally don't feel comfortable writing a review about a restaurant after one meal but i feel compelled to write about my experience at Mango Shiva because, for the most part, it was pretty great.

I have seen this restaurant's name appear on Yelp a number of times, i bookmarked it as a place to try not knowing what to expect, and on a whim decided this to be the venue for a very special occasion. After hearing claims of how Mango Shiva offered South Asian comfort foods with a fusion, upscale twist, I thought it might be a welcome change for two individuals who are accustomed to classic South Asian hole-in-the-wall take out joints. That being said, nothing i read or heard prepared me for my experience at Mango Shiva.

The first point of contact for me and Mango Shiva was Yelp and their OpenTable integration for reserving a table. This service immediately earns kudos as any initiative to make the dining experience more accessible and easier for customers through the incorporation of technology and media is a huge plus (and in the world of South Asian fine-dining--simply an unheard of practice). So, +1 for that.

Next, our arrival at the restaurant. We arrived a few minutes before our reservation on a Monday night at 6:00 and the restaurant was dead so we were seated immediately. The interior is quite elegant: chandeliers, hardwood, and touches of darker tones everywhere. The ambiance inside is remarkably intimate for an open but small space which makes it even more appealing to couples looking for a special spot to dine. Promptly after being seated the waiter arrived, a really nice young man who, though he might have been new, tried best to describe and sell the menu to us new guests. I am definitely no expert when it comes to South Asian cuisine but i am lucky to be the partner of someone who is. Fortunately for me, she navigated the menu very easily; saving the waiter from looking any more confused than he actually was (i will cut him some slack though, i don't think he got over the shock of a brown person, myself, asking him, a caucasian man, to describe certain South Asian staples that almost all  brown people grow up eating..except for myself of course lol). We ordered the Fish Pakoras, Eggplant Curry, and the Spicy Thai rice and wow, what flavour! The naan, soft, moist, and delicious. The Eggplant Curry, sumptuous. The Thai-Infused Shrimp and Rice, just excellent; a great pairing of savoury and subtle sweetness. The chef and kitchen staff have a clear standard for excellence and all the spices and flavours were off the charts. I have been eating brown food my entire life and their unique compositions of South Asian foods definitely made for a dining experience to remember!

The only unfortunate thing about the entire meal were the portion sizes. I guess in adapting modern, Western forms, the one aspect of South Asian cuisine that was lost in the fusion were the portions. Everything being designed to be single-serve or satiable for one person can leave a South Asian like myself a feeling a little disappointed upon the arrival of the bill and that unsavoury aftertaste can be enough to deter the typical brown gourmand from returning (although that crowd wouldn't even make the trip downtown to satisfy their appetite in the first place). With that being said, the service was great and the meal was excellent. I can still taste the flavours and am already looking forward to my next trip.

If you are looking for a location that is bound to culminate in a great meal with unexpected conversations, be it from the decor, ambiance, or the exotic, inspired South Asian food itself, Mango Shiva should be on your list of places to dine in Calgary.Thank you yelp for directing me to an awesome Indian restaurant!  Delicious, melt in your mouth butter chicken and tasty beef lofta.  All of the other items on the buffet were great including the vegetables and chickpea salad.....naan wasn't heavy or dry.  Lunch was complimented with Kingfisher and I was set and quickly made it to my happy place!  Oh, and I forgot to mention, the waitstaff were very attentive and that alone gets 5 stars!!!!Had an awesome experience here during happy hour a couple of days ago. We tried a couple of the $5 appetizers and they were both delicious! Good selection of drinks, too. Can't wait to go back for an actual meal!The lunch buffet is always great, with lots of variety. Their chai tea is also delicious.Great ambiance and pretty decent food. It is also halal which is great! I have been here a handful of times and the service is more or less good.Trendy music. Waitresses with very little fabric on. If that's what you are looking for, this place is for you. However, if you want GOOD, authentic, Indian food, do not go there. This is the kind of "indian" food that only non-Indians could like. The reason it's pricey is because of the hip atmosphere and location (which they definitely have). The portion size is small too. I wouldn't ever go there again and always tell the same to any friends/relatives that are heading to Calgary for vacation. The whole theme is kind of ludicrous, seeing that none of it represents India or it's culture.We stopped in for a much needed meal after arriving in town on a long haul flight.  This place really hit the spot - nice ambience, quick service and really excellent food.  Had the baked samosas and malai kofta, both of which were excellent.  Fresh ingredients and great flavor combinations...would definitely recommend.Tried the rustic chicken curry this time and had some drink for happy hour. Everything turned out great. They stopped taking amex though which IMO is a bad business decision. You're telling me you have a 30 dollar bottle of beer on your menu (Brooklyn Sorachi Ace) yet you're worried about a 75 cents charge for swiping american express?

I hope they come to their senses but at least the food is still good.Best Indian buffet in the city, period. Been here for lunch dozens of time and they always switch up the menu offerings. Even the salads in the buffet rock, we are never disappointed and always leave stuffed. Prices have gone up but the quality of the food keeps us coming back for more.Mango Shiva is great. The decor is beautiful,  the food is very tasty, the service is good, and the buffet is well priced. Thumbs up all the way!wandering down Stephen Ave. at 8:30PM on a Wednesday night, my coworkers and i quickly discovered how EARLY Calgary sleeps. luckily this little gem was still glowing in the night, so we decided to give it a go (our only other option, it seemed, was the Milestone's down the road..). swanky Indian décor, dim lighting, and decently spacious with lounge seats up front, tables in the back.

three open-minded stomachs make for very difficult ordering, so our waiter helped us out:

- the PAKORA appetizer was super tasty! pleasantly light & crisp with a good balance of spices & sweetness from the tamarind;
- BUTTER CHICKEN is usually a good gauge of any Indian restaurant, but while it was tasty, honestly I've had better;
- TANDOORI CHICKEN was decent, very tender chicken thighs;
- GRILLED LAMB POPSICLES - this was the real winner. lamb was perfectly cooked and the spinach/potatoes were a nice pairing. i'd happily have lamb popsicles to take me through the winter :)
- fragrant GARLIC and BUTTER NAAN helped sop everything up and CUCUMBER MINT RAITA to keep your cool

walking in threw any chance of having alberta beef out the door, but I would have been so disappointed if we ended up at the Milestone's...instead, we had a delightful dinner and best of all - I see on their website they have $5 happy hour drink/food specials. SEEN. I know where I'll be between 2-6pm the next time I'm in Calgary ;)Well, well, well, Mango Shiva nicely done once again!

First off, I promised Cody our server that I would review the restaurant and mention how wonderful a server he is. To be perfectly honest, he really is a great server - attentive and accommodating, he knows his menu and can keep himself together even under a barrage of questions from my then "I'm on a vegan diet challenge" sister. (So to the manager who gratefully honored our 10% Yelp discount offer, Cody's a good dude and good server - high five).

Alright, on to the review!

Mango Shiva is great, as I have said before "Mango Shiva mixes classic Indian flavors in a palatable North American way that is a game changer in this city". This statement still holds true for me as I had a wonderful food (and service) experience at this restaurant.

The dishes are classic in flavor but not in approach and it makes the experience interesting and memorable.

I enjoy Mango Shiva for many reasons, the price point is good, the atmosphere is inviting and warm, the staff are friendly and the kitchen is open (so you can watch a serious guy seriously make naan bread).

I would recommend Mango Shiva to anyone who is looking for a night out with some Indian flare!

T.I went there for the first time for cocktails tasting.... had some food, and I can tell you, this is now my favorite place for indian food, edgy, great service, food was really delicious and cocktails too. I found everything unique about this place, decor, bar, etc. Definitely going back!This is always a fun place to go with colleagues for lunch - especially if you have work colleagues that need to get out of their comfort zone a little bit!  They have a good buffet that will please most people.Mango Shiva has the cool, classy and casual mix found in many restaurants along Stephen Ave, but they do it with an Indian flare that is uniquely their own. From the look, to the food, to the cocktails, the Mango Shiva vision is thought out as excellently as it is executed. Mango Shiva's menu is creative with western presentations of Indian flavours. You'll want to try EVERYTHING, and lucky for you, they have a bunch of share plates. Go to town on these things, I haven't found anything I haven't loved. Getting to sample different items from Butter Chicken Naacos (Naan Tacos.. get it?!) to Pekora with assorted chutneys to sample is a great way to get you and your ridiculously attractive date (seriously, how did you hook that up?! Good on you!) talking and having a great time.

Looking for an even better time? Check out their cocktails! They put a delicious Mango Shiva spin on some classics. I'm in love with the Mint Julep, a crafty concoction of mint and bourbon whiskey. I also had a pretty good time with the Mango Sling, like a Singapore sling but with mango! There's even one for all you Cilantro lovers out there that sounded really interesting - I haven't tried it yet though.

They took their cocktails off of the $5 happy hour list for summer, only beer and wine for your happy hour patio sessions. This makes me really sad. I can get beer and wine anywhere, but a Mango Shiva cocktail on the other hand is worth going out of my way for.the only choice at lunch is the Buffet (20 bux), eventhough they have a lunch menu on their website...  very disappointing for lighter eaters.

Buffet was just ok, not greatI love Indian food and Mango Shiva doesn't disappoint. Great lunch buffet with a fair number of vegetarian options. Really good but a little pricey for a lunch buffet in my opinion.This is my third visit to mango shiva. My first two visit were great. Food was delicious and service was fast and friendly. Today's visit was enough for me not to come back. Came around 3:30 on a Saturday. There was maybe three other tables. Service was terrible had four different servers so no one knew if they were coming or going. Food took forever to get to the table and the butter chicken tasted like Campbell's tomato soup out of the can with chicken pieces.  Thoroughly disappointed in today's visit. We told the staff when paying and the response was oh sorry. Even the people
Behind us paying heard us commenting and chimed in today say the service was piss poor for the amount of people in the restaurant.   I prefer tamarind in the north in panorama hills and I will drive across the city to eat there from now on.  I would have put no stars if yelp would let me.I went to the lunch buffet with a few friends.  I understand it is a weekday and it gets very busy at lunchtime.  My friend got there first, sat for over 10 minutes without anyone coming by to ask if she wanted anything.  Finally she got served her drink.  Myself and the rest of the group get there.  No one comes by the table to serve us or get our drink order.  Thats fine, we were there for the buffet anyways so we got up, grabbed our plates and got our lunch.  The food overall was quite good, loved the spiciness and the flavors.  I thought the selection was small, but I liked everything they had.  I do want to mention that the butter chicken didn't have many pieces of chicken in it.  You really had to spoon through the sauce to look for the chicken.  We got our lunch sat down, halfway through a server comes by and we got drinks.  That was the end of any type of service.  No one asked if we wanted more drinks, or even to give us the bill.  No one took away the dirty plates and we sat there after our meals for a good 1/2 hr chatting.   Finally we got up and went to the register to pay.  The food was good, service sucked, I'm sure there's better out there.All I wanted when I came to Calgary was Indian/ ethnic food. I saw some disappointing reviews of other Indian restaurants and then found this place. I almost didn't walk in because all I wanted was chicken curry. Just because it doesn't say 'chicken curry' doesn't mean there isn't. Some of the best food I've had. I am still savoring the spice and heat I just had. Well done!Oh god, when I dream of Indian Food I dream of this. Coconut calamari in mouth watering sauce, mango-spritzers and the best butter chicken EVER make this little gem a must visit. The decor is totally beautiful, moody and eastern themed. It really embodies the east-west "fusion" thing that Mango Shiva seems to be going for. The bathrooms are beautiful. I'm thinking I've developed a bathroom fetish, because they are worth a trip on their own. Seriously. Those are some fine bathrooms. The service was excellent as well. My only real issue is the price, because I am morally opposed to spending so much on (albeit delicious) ethnic foods, even in Calgary. My suggestion? Take a visit when somebody else is paying!Lots of great cocktail events happening at Mango Shiva these days!!Very yummy, and fresh Indian food that you will pay big dollars for! :) the restaurant is really beautifully decoratedCheck in on Yelp to get 15% off your lunch !!Very yummy, and fresh Indian food. Will be back (:Dirty Mango Lassi and curry- mmmmDelicious guleb jomin, and get a mojito as well!Not the best place I've ever eaten. Staff wasn't very attentive. Food was oh k but not worth the price. Nice decor. Probably wont begging back here.If u want a cozier part of the restaurant ask to be seated up front. Comfy bank seating and cushions galore!Lunch buffet, great good all you can eat decent price!!Select $5 cocktails and $5 appys every weekday!$5 drink and appy specials 4-6pmgreat patioThis place is an oasis in the midst of the downtown buzz. Take time to relax and enjoy the surroundings.Stampede breakfast!Patio side at Mango Shiva makes for the best way to spend an afternoon on Stephen!r.i.pgr8 lunch with @Wendy kicking off #yycyeLove the butter chicken and chickpeasTry the Mumbai Mule! Very tasty, big, and refreshing.Great food. Check out their happy hour deals after work!Mango Shiva is simply the most wonderful restaurant of the planet! :)Really great vegetarian food. Ordered the thali and garlic naan. Super soft naans.Love the food. Will come back even I'm not a fan of Indian cuisine. Very good.Checking out Meet the Media, but really dug the pakoras and Samosas!Closed.Great happy hour prices! $5 drinks and $5 appetizers til 6pm. Delish! Great food in Calgary.  Salmon was perfect, mac-n-cheese was also delicious!  During our Stampede visit to Calgary we were walk-ins for dinner at Blink one night.  We ate outside so I cannot speak to the inside setting.  Service was great from start to finish and the food was excellent.  There was no kids menu but my kids loved the mac-n-cheese and so did I.This is one of my favorite places to eat in Calgary.  I always have a outstanding meal and dessert.  They are exceptional at the wine pairings.  The service is always stellar especially Ken.  My sister and I always have a fantastic time when he is our server and has been with Blink for a longtime.  Really appreciate a quality place like Blink and struggle to try other places downtown.I can't type to much right now,  busy stuffing my face with amazing food and drinking fantastic wine. You should come join me.5 stars for the bartender. Looks like a real bro who cares about important things like hockey and the quality of coffee at Tim Hortons. True Canadian brah. Food, service, cocktails on point but this guy's fucking amazing.Had a great big taste meal! 

This was my first time trying blink and when I first walked in I was in awe of the place. You definitely don't get this impression while walking on Stephen ave. from outside it seems small and that it would be cramped on the inside but it's airy with high ceilings and nice decor. 

We went on a Wednesday and felt very under dressed as most of the guests were on business lunch and wearing suits. No biggie though

Our table wasn't ready just yet so I was asked if I wanted to sit at the bar. They don't really have a seating area. It felt kind of awkward sitting at the bar while waiting because I wasn't greeted and I didn't even feel like having a beverage as it was lunch time and had to go back to work. 

But at least it wasn't too long until we got our table. Seats are comfy on the booth side. I ordered the butter leaf lettuce salad to start, Arctic char with risotto, and the pavlova for dessert. Salad was great! It had a light dressing and these crispy onions that were nice and salty. My Arctic char  was beautifully cooked with a nice crispy skin and it paired very nicely with the rich risotto. Although my risotto was a little runny, which probably means there wasn't enough TLC when making it, right? And lastly the pavlova was difficult to eat without being messy. Definitely could not eat it with a spoon so we pretty much just stabbed it with a fork to break off into bite size pieces. 

I got to try the rigatoni that my friend ordered and that was simple and delicious. And the toffee cake was awesome!! It came warm, not too sweet and just the perfect ending to a rich meal. 

Service here was excellent! Can't say much about the regular menu and the price but the big taste was definitely a good deal and great sampling that I would try this place again one day.This business owner had the nerve to complain to the Globe and Mail that she will have to give her employees a livable wage with the province's minimum wage hike. Never eating here again.I was overall underwhelmed by my experience at Blink.

The restaurant offered nothing terribly unique and though the food was excellent (tortellini, risotto, beet salad), it did not set itself apart from many of the exceptional offerings in other Calgary restaurants.

For the price, I'd rather spend my money at an establishment that exudes more passion for the dining experience.Last night was my first time visiting Blink, and it definitely won't be my last!  From the french bread served after placing our order, (the REAL french bread as made in France, not the North Americanised version you get all too often in restaurants these days) to the amuse bouche (a fantastic corn soup with truffle oil-to die for!) to our main courses (mine-a perfectly cooked seared then oven roasted halibut-my husband also really enjoyed his chicken dish)-and sadly, we were so sated after all of the above, we had no room left to try the dessert list-next time!  

The chef shows his pedigree with the beautifully presented and executed dishes-he was a sous chef under Thomas Keller at the French Laundry, and the pastry chef (who makes the incredible french bread at the restaurant) is from France and is about to open a bakery adjacent to the restaurant- I will definitely be making trips there when open!  The service was exemplary - our waiter was attentive without being intrusive, and he had such a friendly and unpretentious manner.  All in all, a wonderful experience - the only downside was trying to find parking close by, but that's Calgary!  It's wonderful to see restaurants of this caliber operating in Calgary!We sat outside on the patio along the pedestrian street during stampede week. Three of us had the halibut poached perfectly in olive oil accompanied by an assortment of root vegetables and peeled cherry tomatoes. The flavor combination was excellent and paired well with the Valenciso roija white wine. Another person enjoyed the beef steak dish. For dessert, we had the ice cream and tiramisu. The ice cream was flavorful but melted too fast. The tiramisu was creative with a very small amount of shredded lady fingers, mascarpone rolled in a chocolate tube and a small side espresso ice cream which also melted. Overall the food was very good but the portions were small. Fine as a business meal but I would be disappointed if paying myself.Every dish were beautifully presented and pleasing to the palate. We took our parents here to enjoy a lovely dinner. First we were warming greeted by the hostess that accommodated our request for a quiet booth table. 

We were all very cold from the sub-zero degree weather and our personable & very sociable waiter quickly provided each of us with a cup of hot water with lemon. 

For appetizer, we ordered the lamb tartare. The tartare was delicious, quite an interesting flavour on wonton chips. Great appetite starter. 

For our mains, we ordered the braised beef cheek, monk fish, and risotto. All of them were amazing. I would recommend you to try to beef cheek because it is so tender that it feels like it just melts in your mouth. The risotto was delicious as well. I liked how their portions were perfect - you don't have to worry about leaving here hungry and unsatisfied. 

Thank you to the staff at Blink for providing us with an enjoyable night - great food, atmosphere, and service. We look forward to dining here again in the future.Blink is still one of my favourite fine dining establishments in downtown Calgary. I can always count on delicious food, excellent service and a beautiful atmosphere. 

This time, I started with a tomato bisque soup which was nicely balanced with notable tomato acidity which was a lot of fun. My tagliatelle with a poached egg, pancetta and Parmesan was perfect. To finish, I had a peach Melba which was very refreshing.

I'll be back, soon :)Blink - A flash of flair and freshness!

It was my birthday this week, so decided to try Blink Restaurant on 8th Avenue. And what a delightful surprise and gratifying experience!  The restaurant resonates with local recognition and accolades and so it was with a certain degree of scepticism that I decided to book a table for two.
 
The restaurant is situated in an old and historic downtown building with its interior brickwork beautifully restored. The contemporary interior design and furniture complements the modernization of the old building elements and creates a wonderfully stylish and vibrant atmosphere. It is by no means a "quiet" restaurant and I would not suggest that this be used for a romantic liaison. Go somewhere else for that.  With the hard surfaces on the walls, floors and ceilings, the place gets noisier and noisier as more people arrived. The place was alive and people were enjoying themselves at their tables in animated and pleasurable conversation.  The space vibrated and reverberated with a joie de vivre, so sadly lacking in many other similar establishments around town. Some guests may not like this, but I do, for my particular kind of celebratory occasion.

The food and service was exceptional. They emphasise sourcing of local fresh produce and products and it shows in the meals placed before you. Skillful cooking, impressive presentation flair, and of course, attentive and knowledgeable service.  I've bitched many times before about our younger generation of  restaurant owners and chefs not knowing the difference between service and HOSPITALITY....I'm pleased to say, that these folks get it! 

The twice baked aged cheddar soufflé with braised leeks, scaled cream, walnuts and frisee was my starter, and was beyond superb. Would "exquisite" be a more appropriate description? My mains comprised the roast sea scallops and crispy Berkshire pork belly, with butternut squash, rainbow chard, honey, maple, and splashes of bourbon mustard. If was a born Calgarian and not a transplanted Cowboy, I would have licked the plate as well. But fine dining insists on maintaining a decorum of etiquette.
 
Now interestingly enough, my wife ordered the braised lamb, which looked marvelous, and she tells me that it was wonderfully tender, however, she was disappointed by the lack of sufficient seasoning. She felt that the meat and braised sauce was tasteless. I would never argue with her when it comes to taste and seasoning! So unfortunately, the lack of sufficient seasoning by the chef (and I have no doubt that the Chef will argue that it was seasoned sufficiently - although if he is British, bland roast and meat is considered very palatable) resulted in my wife being less than impressed with the lamb.
 
They also have a superb collection of wines and a great selection of champagne and sparkling wine choices.

Blink is a super, sassy and superior restaurant and rates on an international scale. However, while they deserve to get a five star rating, I feel that their limited menu choices, sadly inhibit that top level of international distinction.We did a booking on Open Table , an was not disappointed . The pork chop brine an lamb sirloin with a mint sauce was really lovely . An for dessert we had  the creme brûlée . Our server Nick was very attentive to us . An was even able to talk to the Chef Hideyuki on how he made the mint sauce for my lamb sirloin .risotto is like baby food!Had a very nice dinner here. Ordered the pork belly and it was cooked perfectly. The service was also way above average. Would definitely come back here again.Blink was crazy dope!! Awesome drinks and even better food!!  The Foie Gras is the best I've ever had!!  Great atmosphere . . . will be back without a doubt.Came here with a group for lunch and was very pleased to get to know this spot.  Service was excellent - quick, unobtrusive balanced with helpful.  I'm a sucker for duck of any sort and the confit was the perfect portion and very very tasty.  I'll be back!Visited a week ago.  Awesome service.  Food was cooked perfectly.  Had the cheese souffle, great but something missing in the flavor.  Duck for dinner, perfect.  Duck breast, and duck leg.  Both fantastic.  Cocktails and wine selection unique and vast.If you're within 100 km (70 miles to my paisanos) of Calgary , don't miss this foodie experience.  It was worth going out on a  -8 Celsius night.

I was there on a cold winter night with a colleague, but as soon as we entered the door the gloom faded away.  The hostess enveloped us in her warmth as she took out coats and showed us to our table.

Michael, the server, actually made recommendations.  And they were all terrific.

Appetizer:  scallops that were like velvet. "Roast sea scallops, chick pea puree, black olive & espelette spiced canola oil." (Anyone know what "espelette" means?)

Main courses:  

1. Organic rabbit from Lethbridge, which I take it is a small town south of Calgary.  (I think the organic bunny was a regular at Lethbridge Bikram.) It came with "rainbow carrots" that were sweet and lovely.  This dish was extraordinary.  

2.  Short ribs of beef.  The meat was falling off the bone and luscious.  Thank you colleague for sharing a bite or two.

Dessert:  English-style sticky toffee pudding with butterscotch sauce.  Pudding means dessert in Brit speak.  This was a fabulous rectangle of a gingery, molasses cake soaked in butterscotch sauce.  It is way better than it sounds.   

Great food, great meal, beautiful restaurant.  Extraordinary service without an attitude.  Don't miss it.I am from Miami and I was in Calgary in business and wanted to take my customer to a nice restaurant. This place was perfect. The service was excellent and the food as well. I had the filet and the tomato tart.  Both were outstanding. However the best was my drink. Be sure to have a Negroni. Best I ever had. The beautiful lady at the bar even told me what was the secrete ingredient.  Don't miss this place. Do make a reservation it fills up quickly.I have dined here a couple times already.  Each time, the food and service were impeccable.

My ratings are below:  

Environment - Ambiance is very warm and cozy.  It is low lit, not a large room, but, cozy...

Service -- Hostess was very polite.  Took my coat upon arrival and put it on me when I left.  Very nice touch to this...

Food

Appetizers:  
1.  The SCALLOPS!!  If this restaurant did not serve anything else except scallops, it would survive.  I have had scallops in many restaurants around the world.  By far, the scallops prepared here are FAR and AWAY the best that I have ever had.  I would recommend making two orders of these and call it your dinner.  It is THAT GOOD!!  I practically licked the plate clean.

Entrees:
1.  The Lamb -- I would not recommend this dish.  It was average.  The presentation is nice.  They cut up the lamb and shaped it like a tuna can mountain.  It is served over a bed of peas (kinda too much peas).  It was an OKAY dish -- I would go back to the scallops... :)

2.  The Quebec Veal Osso - very good dish.  Meat was tender, flavorful, and very good.  It is served with a side of risotto.  Honestly, I don't think the risotto is a good compliment to this dish.  Preferably, some green vegetables would hit the mark ... ala broccolis and asparagus..  Otherwise, this dish was very good.

Dinner for one - one appetite, one entree, water, and tip would run about 60 CAD.

It is well worth it and I would highly recommend this establishment.

Cheers,Blink is fabulously elegant, and one of my favorite restaurants in downtown Calgary whenever I'm jonesing for a ritzy dinner. This is an excellent choice for a special celebration date or a classy business lunch. Food is delish, but portions are small, so if you have a big appetite you might to choose somewhere that gives you more bang for your buck. However, if you're all about taste and presentation, Blink won't fail to satisfy. Staff is attentive but because of the venue, just borders on snooty but it's tough to be warm while being intensely formal, so I give it a pass. Great place if you're looking for something special!I really loved every minute of my night out at Blink. Came in after a symphony show for dinner, a bit on the later side. I have to agree with the other reviewers, they really go over top with the service here - and it is the attention to details that make all of the difference. The food was excellent, our server was very knowledgable and helpful, and the ambience was perfect. All in all, this one stays in the pocket for when I want a gauranteed fantastic dining experience.Blink is one of the best restaurants in Calgary.  Always make a reservation as it is routinely full in the evening even on weeknights.  The food is excellent and the portions aren't too large.  I really like taking my wife here - it's a great "ladies restaurant", dark, romantic, busy but quiet, smallish portions, great food and a very good wine list .  The mac n' cheese at lunch is excellent.  Highly recommend.Had an excellent beef short rib entree.  I don't have much else to say because we were here for a super late dinner where we ate and left.  I will be back to try a more complete set of dishes off the menu and update my review accordingly.Go between 5 and 6:30 for the special prix fixe menu! It's fresh farm ingredients  brought to the table. I had the rabbit rillette (very good), the flat iron steak (can't go wrong) with descent risotto and the sticky toffee pudding is worth it. Anyway price, ambiance, service and wine list make this a must try.Living downtown, we set out Friday night to see what was new and exciting on Stephen Avenue for diner. Behold, we discovered a number of places we "knew" but haven't tried. After reading a few outside menus we made a stop  -Blink!!

Blink looks so small from the outside, and so narrow - however, once inside it is quite long and looks wider than expected. I was impressed immediately with the decor and ambience of the place. It was warm, welcoming and comforting (I was also kinda freezing from the walk over). A very friendly hostess quickly took our jackets and gave us a two seater by the brick wall - which reminded me how old some of these buildings are.

The waiter was fine, he did everything he had to - but wasn't overly friendly or welcoming..but he was "ok". We ordered a bottle of wine (that I forgot to take a pic of as I really liked it) and ordered some dinner. The menu looked delicious overall - and was limited due to the elaborate nature of each dish. I like that kinda place. My dinner mate ordered something he didn't even recognize which was kinda funny (Osso Buco) and I jumped to the vegetarian section (30 days in on this new venture and it's still rather disappointing when you eat out ). I ordered the fried polenta with root/winter vegetables. Both of us ordered french onion soup  - because it's always amazing. The menu had an array of seafood appies, small salads and the mains were basically a couple types of fish and one of each meat "type".

Soup arrives and is delicious, of course. Unusually made as it was broth with one small crust-ini floating in it, but good. The Osso Buco looked delicious and came with a nice (kinda bland) risotto..but I was told the meat was delicious. My polenta was a small serving, but I quite liked it to be honest. The vegetables were quite yummy and a puree of something across the plate went well with the polenta. We proceeded to share a dessert of bruleed lemon tart with creme fraiche - which was pretty delicious. I ordered an ice wine from Austria which was recommended and delicious as a pairing.

Overall, a solid meal and decent service. I really liked the restaurant itself and would like to try again to be honest. For a Friday night, it was 60-70% full and service was timely and not rushed.When: Friday 25 of March 2011.
Vibe: the place was busy and happening
Where; At the Bar.
Bartender: Daisy. Great service.
Food : The souflé and the beef chick braised. 9 on a 10..
Great service and food. One of the best restaurant in Calgary..
GSo delicious! The wines are reasonably priced too! 
We shared a bottle of red and the seared sea scallops, grilled squid and pork lardons and the braised lamb shoulder. 
Both of us left full but rushed, when we arrived the server told us we could be out by 7:40 for our show but the lamb arrived at 7:40. So sadly we had to eat and run! But it won't stop me from going back! Such an interesting space, it looks tiny from the outside but like a Tardis it's bigger on the inside!This restaurant was a pleasant surprise. After checking the rating on Yelp, I booked it without looking at the menu. I needed something gluten free and dairy free and I found just the thing. Salmon, potato risotto, broccoli and a delicious chocolate torte. The atmosphere was relaxing, simple and soothing. The servers were extremely knowledgeable and helpful. Overall, the meal far exceeded my expectations. It was fantastic. Clean and fresh flavours. Simple and elegant.I would love to give this a 5 star rating, but I find the price a little steep for the amount of food you get. That being said, it was wonderful. 

We came here for family birthday dinner. They say you can park under Germain hotel and they will reimburse you, but there was no parking underground, and it was only 6pm. We luckily found parking on Stephen Ave, which is another reason why I hate coming down to this area, I don't have the patience to deal with it. 

Very nice inside, loved the decor, we were close to door, which was a little chilly, but not too bad. We had an awesome server and who was somewhat accommodating to me being a celiac. 

We started with the beef tartare, which I would say was probably the best I've ever head, he said the had chips he could give me, so I had something. He didn't bring the chips, had actually forgot to inform me that they weren't able to do the chips as they only serve them during the week (WTF?). Sensing my frustration and unimpressedness, he came back with chips he went all the way to their storage and got for me, which was super nice and above and beyond. 

For dinner I had the steak, which they were able to ensure it was GF, and was delicious. I shared some of my husbands pork and it was super good too. Little dry but not bad. 

It is a wonderful place for a nice night out, but prepare that it is pricey. And parking can be a nightmare.Had dinner with a co-worker at Blink earlier this week. 

They now have a small patio set up with a snack menu from 2-5pm (previously they were closed at that time). 

We dined on the patio so I didn't get to check out much of the interior decor, but the service and food here is A+

I tried an albacore tuna tartare appetizer. The tartare was served as a ceviche type dish. It came served with some homemade tortilla chips for scooping. My co-worker had the scallops appetizer which also looked nice.

I tried the special of the day for my main - it was a fillet of arctic char served a top a square of potato gratin served with a bit of kale and cauliflower. Absolutely delicious. My friend had gnocchi.

Portions looked a bit small but they were actually quite filling. I felt stuffed afterwards. Much too full to try dessert.

We didn't have any alcohol, so the bill was actually quite reasonable ($90 for the two of us including tax and tip) .For the pièce de résistance of our epicurean Easter 2018...

Blink was the icing on the cake. We experienced outstanding, down-to-earth service despite it not being a toddler-friendly place. We have a usually well-behaved toddler experienced in grown up dining with us but our server just went completely above and beyond to ensure that we had a great experience. And great experience is exactly what we got. It involved moving some of the fancier décor out of her reach and creating a "toddler-friendly" dish of white cream gnocchi (not necessary as she would eat anything but it was appreciated).

Dinner was the kind you'd want to climb a mountain for so you can shout to the world how amazing it is. The duck was so expertly made, it might have ruined all other duck breast dishes for me and I've had a lot of duck in my lifetime.  We "helped" our toddler with her gnocchi; it was too good to be wasted on a 2 year old (ha ha).  I'm usually not a big fan of gnocchi but their version blew my mind. I find it to be a terrific sign when you can taste the individual ingredients in your food and the gnocchi did just that. Fluffy, chewy goodness with hint of potato.

My better half had the Cantonese pork dish (char sui) and it blew him away as well.

I couldn't take pictures of the 3 desserts ordered; they were inhaled as soon as the plates hit the table. Bottom line: really good food at Prairie portions, decent prices and excellent service.  If I could rate 12 stars, I would.Great experience overall..

Halibut is prepared exceptionally well...
Wine selection is varied and well-stocked. 
Lovely dessert.. Apple strudel with something and rosemary...
My business guests enjoyed the ambience very much.
One of my guests felt she was a little cold indoors, and the waitstaff brought her a blanket. Now, I call that service

Kinda pricey - $100 Canadian per person, with the wine.

But well worth it...Really enjoyed my time here. I had the Korean beef, was delicious.

The servers were very knowledgeable about wine and the food. We ordered a selection of desserts. Sticky toffee was amazing.BLINK and your food is gone in seconds because of their incredibly small portions.
While the food was good and atmosphere is nice, the food portions left all of us hungry. I had the scallops for lunch and I was served 4 luni sized scallops and a teaspoon of spinach for 19.50. I won't be back.Great food and service for large group business lunch the other day.  All were very happy with their choices.
However totally unsatisfied with handling of our reservation for their private room for our party of ten.  We had purposely reserved the room for its privacy and size and had out of town guests.  They bumped us out of the reserved room without confirming with our party. No apologies were given.  Even after calling back to ask for an explanation as we didn't want to create a scene at the restaurant we were given no apologies or reasonable explanation for their actions.  Totally inexcusable for their staff supervisor J who fumbled the reservation.The proteins on our plate were delicious. The duck was melt in your mouth perfect., but potato terrine was very greasy.  Albacore tuna was cooked perfectly, but polenta was a little bland.  Our server seemed very bored and uninterested (long day, I guess).  Would rate higher if we had better service. We will try again.We had a lovely meal at Blink a few weeks ago.  It was one of those places I kept hearing about, but we just never found the time to go, which we regret now.

We had the salumi cheese appetizer, plus the wild mushroom soup. Both were fantastic and we were literally licking the pesto sauce for the salumi off the plate.  They have beautiful, crusty bread, which of course is a secret where they get it from *darn*

My husband had Moroccan chicken, which is a bit disappointing; I thought it tasted fairly bland, but it was well prepared.  My rabbit with gnocchi was amazing and I had to hide it from my husband who kept stealing bits off my plate.  We both shared the sticky toffee pudding, which was a bit of delicous, suprisingly very light, sweetness to end the evening.  The room was modern but had a slight romantic feel to it with warm grey tones and candles in the evening.  We sat  near the window in an alcove. Fine for summer, but a bit chilly for fall weather.

Service was very good, but  slightly fake at the beginning, and our server seemed to warm up to us in the end; other staff were very warm and friendly.  This place is a winner and our new "to go" place when dining after work downtown.A little bit of the Bay Area up in the frozen tundra. The influence of Alice Waters goes far and wide these days, even in a land of livestock and mineral rights. I see "in support of local and family farms" on a place and I have to take a look. When you travel, you need to learn about the location.

The menu was designed around the familiar farm-to-table philosophy we see here in organicland, and it worked, with a Canadian prairie twist.  An endive salad was solid, fresh, and light, unlike the fat-laden stuff served at the local hotels and catering establishments. The pears were great (local), and they left off the damn tree nuts. Spinach and mushroom risotto, made with Saskatchewan chanterelles, was a big, powerful flavor bomb, with a slightly over-the-top texture that pushed the limits of what the rice could carry, but it was worth it.  A rolled, stuffed local organic rabbit was exceptional, with a rich stuffing (was that offal?), perfect doneness, and a nice sauce. Really well-crafted food.  For dessert, a wine-poached pear paired with gorgonzola gelato closed the loop perfectly.

The wine selection was diverse and interesting, with a few BC whites worth checking out. An extra 1/2 star for carrying Dashe Late Harvest Zin, made down here in Oaktown by the Lake.Since their unhelpful online menu does not offer price guidance, I will: average prices are $22 for lunch entrees and $33 for dinner entrees.

Excellent food and service.

Had lunch and dinner here over a 2 day business trip.

Had the tomato & cheese salad + quiche for lunch and corn soup + halibut for dinner.  All were great.  Wine pairing recommendations also great.

Amazing free sparkling water that they create with their own system.  Not overly carbonated and it tastes so good.

Service was professional, helpful, and efficient.  We had only 45 minutes for lunch and told the host this on arrival.  Server arrived immediately to help us order, kitchen got food out fast, and we enjoyed a great lunch and weren't late to office.Delicious. Beautiful. Indulgent. I will definitely be back. The English sticky toffee pudding was amazing! 

My only complaint? We were sat right by the window which was a little on the cold side. But they had these soft woollen blankets ready on the seat for sissies like me.Eating here made my Calgary business trip bearable and now I wanna go back!  Although I found it a bit pricey I understand that most Calgary restaurants are pricier compared to Vancouver.  The rabbit was superb, probably the best I've ever tasted.  The cheese souffle (appetizer) was just the right amount since it was a very rich treat.  I had dessert envy, since I ordered the sorbet assortment I should have known I would have had dessert envy.  The frozen nougat dessert was a favorite amongst the people at the table.  I'll be back.Very friendly service.  I had potato crusted Halibut.  It was delicious.  If I return I'll give the Sticky Toffee Pudding a miss just not my thing.  Ice Cream was really nice.Came here for lunch - had no freaking clue the room was so lovely - the only word that comes to mind is serene. I felt comfortable and relaxed and ready to enjoy lunch with a glass of wine but once again I discovered (as many of the places in Calgary do) they carry Strongbow, yipee !!
They use alot of local ingredients - presentation was second to none - I would absolutely go back for dinner on a date because the lunch was divine and I only had the daily soup which happened to be roasted red pepper.  
The server was knowledgable and just a bit fun, which I love in a server so overall a fabulous experience !I haven't been back to Blink in a few years. It was absolutely amazing then and Happy Happy Joy Joy it knocked it out of the park again this weekend. My two suggestions on this menu right now are the caprese salad and the morel mushroom risotto . If I could have taken one to go in my purse I would have ! Instead I'll be coming back much sooner this time.Love love love this place.  I found this gem (thanks Yelp) while visiting the boyfriend in Canada.  Initially, the ambiance here is perfect for a date night, birthday celebration or just for a nice dinner.  Although Blink is upscale, it doesn't feel stuffy.  The menu isn't too large, which I appreciate as it signifies quality food.  I head steak and the tomato pie.  SO GOOD.  The other half had pasta which was equally amazing.  The service is impeccable as well.  Finally, their wine list is on point.  I will definitely go back next time I am in town.Had a wonderful dinner of scallops and Berkshire pork belly while my colleague enjoyed the halibut, which was beautiful and came with fiddleheads - always a treat in my book. We arrived right at the beginning of the dinner seating at 5:00 because we had to write an exam at 7:00, and the waitress was very understanding and attentive and wished us luck when we left. What we really appreciated was the unobtrusive background music. Seems to be the thing to pound your head with trance over dinner these days, but for us distracted, stressed out, slightly ADD, slightly older folks, it is nice to find a place you can still talk without having to yell. If I had my way there would be an "age-friendly" category on Yelp - how about it, guys?Top notch restaurant that definitely defines the experience of "fine dining"!

It was the time of year where it was my boyfriends birthday where I wanted to take him to a nice restaurant.  After taking into consideration places like Charcut and Notable which were rather high in price, I settled my decision on Blink Restaurant based on its reputation of fine dining with an intimate atmosphere and its rather reasonably priced menu.  Boy am I ever glad I choose this place!

Located on Stephen's Avenue and 1st Street, Blink looks extremely tiny from the outside however looks can be extremely deceiving, because as you walk in the room is actually quite large.  Shaped like a long room, the tables were nicely spaced apart from one another allowing diners to have an intimate dinner and not have to listen in on other people's gossip.  The mixture of new and old pieces of decor complimented the dark brown and white hue of the restaurant allowing for a nice open atmosphere of comfort.  Upon walking in we were warmly greeted by the hostess who promptly seated us in a comfy booth.  Blink's menu is of European style dishes with a contemporary twist on the garnishes, spices and oils used in the cooking.  While most of the dishes for seafood, chicken, or beef are priced around the $25 to $35 dollar range, vegetarian dishes are priced at a reasonable $20 per dish.  Although it sounds pricey, do take into perspective the dishes that you are ordering and compare them to other restaurants where they are all actually very reasonably priced.  My boyfriend ordered the special for the night which was a ribeye steak while I ordered a vegetarian gnocchi dish along with wine to accompany our dishes.  As we waited for our meal to come, our server was highly attentive in refilling our glasses of water. 

The wait for our meals was a little lengthy - however I can't complain as my boyfriend and I who are rather light eaters never get appetizers...which also applied to this dining experience.  However the wait for the food was definitely worth it as the food that was beautifully prepared was equally delicious.  The steak that my boyfriend ordered was cooked to precision as what a medium rare steak should be.  My gnocchi dish was a little small in size for the average eater - however the flavours of the dish where the mix of garnishes and spices excused the small portions as the dish was quite tasty. 

In the end the dinner came out to around $100 dollars (tip included) - although it was a rather pricey dinner, I had no issues footing the bill as my boyfriend and I had a great experience not just in food, but as well as service. 
All in all, I definitely recommend dinners to try Blink restaurant out where its wonderful for intimate dinners with your loved ones.  If you want exceptional service and food, along with a restaurant that doesn't have attitude and isn't jammed packed busy, then Blink may be for you.

Dinner recommendations:
Based on boyfriend's recommendation - the 9" ribeye steakBlink is a solid go to for downtown corporate lunch and dinners. The venue is beautiful, service is consistently good, and the food is always well executed. 

The private dining room in the back of the venue has a 12-person max capacity and is a great space to host events.EXPLOSIVE!!! 

That's all I can say. I had an amazing meal. Starting with a Brunello, well I had to ask my waitress Zack what he recommended. He told me to pair it with the Duck breast (I haven't eat meat in 2 years, but I just decided to go for it ... I've been craving for meat in a while). It was delicious, a feast of flavors in my mouth. The meat was tender (duck can be hard if it is not cooked properly), the swiss chard was incredible, and the veggies were to the point. Later he gave me the dessert menu and I wanted to try them all, but again asked him what he recommended... the orange posset. OMG this is one of the most refreshing, flavored, distinct dessert I had ever tried. 

The place is gorgeous, good for groups and families. Have a nice lounge/romantic environment and is not to loud. The staff is very attentive and knowledgeable. The best part is that you can tell they are enjoying their job. Or maybe that's a Canadian attribute of been super nice to the public which I find extraordinary. 

Go check it out!The service you get from Lesley and the food Chef Richard creates is a unbeatable combination in Calgary. Other restaurants can learn from Blink that a simple elegant decor, well trained staff, reasonable prices, and the best food can exist in Calgary. This restaurant success is portable..it can match with some of the best restaurants in NYC, San Fran or Vegas. I hope they find the energy to open another Calgary Restaurant.What a delightful experience!  Everything on the menu looks fantastic, and we have enjoyed anything we've ordered.  Tough choices every time.  Last night we had the Duck Breast (garnished with roasted local crab apples!) together a sweet potato pie and confit of the leg.  WOW - that was a surprise and delicious! We also enjoyed the Field Mushroom soup!  Both outstanding - and when I say that I'm comparing to the likes of San Francisco and the west coast foodie culture...  Lovely, but not shi-shi or high-brow.  Looking forward to going back already.  And - it's always nice to meet the owner, who was working hard too!  Worth checking out - especially because they also support local organic farmers.Good enough... The appetizers were very good, and the wine was good as well... The service was ok... And the place is beautiful ... There is nothing to complain here... Also, the location is very convenient, so I would definitely go back there again..Always so good. The service and the food make this restaurant one of the best in Calgary.Came wandering in on a Monday night while on a business trip. Plenty of well dressed people enjoying dates or business dinners. Still plenty of room for those without reservations. Grabbed a seat at the bar and had a nice Spanish GSM while waiting on dinner. The roast duck was perfect and I will definitely stop back by to try other options on the menu.I brought an out of town business client to Blink because he was sick of chain restaurants while travelling and considers himself a bit of a "foodie". His request was to go to an independently owned restaurant with locally sourced offerings and a chef inspired menu. Having been here previously I knew this was the place for him. It doesn't hurt that they have a fabulous location only steps away from some major hotels in downtown Calgary. He was pleased with my choice. 

They have a fabulous wine list and even if you don't want an entire bottle of wine, their glass selections are still fantastic and (being from the U.S.) he was happy to try some different, Canadian wine offerings. 

The carpaccio and scallop starters were perfect. The carpaccio was melt in your mouth and the scallops were cooked to perfection. His main course of halibut was cooked beautifully and he loved the squash purée side. My steak was cooked to perfection, but was a bit fatty. Guess that is to be expected when you order a ribeye!

Our waiter was attentive, but not 'in your face' and was able to time the meal at our pace. The ambience was subdued and not overly loud allowing a normal conversation at the table considering the small space. it is essential to have reservations at this restaurant and parking is non-existent.This year I decided that Christmas lunches were going to include visits to new restaurants that I've always wanted to try but never got too.  Blink was quickly added to the list.  We were lucky and got to sit in the front window table.  Great people viewing!  It's seems a bit chilly at first but if you put one of the lovely pillows behind your back, it warms you up immediately.  

Our waiter was very attentive and had a great sense of humor.  He was a great help with choosing our meals.  We started with the albacore tuna on toast to share.  it was tasty but a bit salty.  We chose 3 different entrees (the fried chicken, the sea bream and the duck) but we traded a bite of each so that everyone could try a bit of each.  All were very good but I would have to say the duck won hands down.  Unfortunately that's not what I ordered.  I had the fried chicken and it was awesome as well.  I'll have to go back for the duck!  We shared the creme brulee and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert.  

Overall a great meal and great service.My friend had been raving about this place for a while and we were finally able to check it out together! I love most of the restaurants on Stephen Ave. There is just something about that particular area that I love. Great location and therefore definitely a great place to take out-of-towners if you are looking for something a little more upscale and delicious. 

I ordered the short rib and I seriously tore that meal apart. Haha. I feel bad for my significantly high intake of red meat this week, but o just couldn't resist. It sounded so delicious and I just had no self control! The meat was incredibly tender and flavorful. It was accompanied by a few fingerling potatoes, onions and a few bits of bacon. (Just a few of my favorite things). Dessert wise, the sticky toffee pudding is something you should not pass up on. Its great for sharing and quite moist! Overall, I was smitten!Dinner with the girls brought us to Blink. I was initially really annoyed because I could NOT find the place for the life of me, and downtown parking is super frustrating. Once I arrived (and promptly smashed a glass of my girlfriends red wine...yes it was one of those days!) I allowed myself to relax and was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant is small, but it's cozy and intimate. Since I was late, I didn't get a chance to try any appetizers, but the remaining scallops and cheese on our table looked wonderful. I ordered a Lychee Martini and it was delicious! For dinner I had the Beef Tenderloin, which I debated on since it seemed to be one of the most expensive items on the list. But I thought, I'm having a bad day so screw it! I'm going to order what I want. I was so glad I did because it was fabulous. We ordered a few more drinks and eventually the Earl Grey Creme Brulee for dessert (DELICIOUS). I was really impressed with the food, as well as the service. They graciously comped the wine that I spilled which I thought was very nice of them. It was a pretty pricey meal, but a really nice experience all together.Bad service. Forgettable food.  

Our server was very curt, hardly spoke any words to us and was not attentive. We opted not to have alcoholic drinks which seemed to really turn the waiter off to us. When we asked about items on the menu, he failed to elaborate and give us any more information. The food runner had more to say to us than our server and was nice enough to actually explain some of the dishes. 

The corn soup ($12) was by far the best thing we ordered and was a well rounded dish. The beef tartare ($18) was served with a sauce that was very displeasing to the palate. We had to scrape the sauce off to enjoy the beef which, by itself, was good. The rabbit and pork terrine ($18) itself was just ok, but again this dish was also served by accompaniments that had to be avoided. The berries and carrots that came with the terrine had such strong and unpleasant flavors. Shouldn't the other flavors of the dish make it better, not worse? We ordered the hanger steak ($37) medium rare. The outside of the steak was slightly overcooked and a little too hard and crispy for my liking. I'm more than happy to pay high prices for really good food, but Blink fell short of expectations. 

We opted to skip dessert, having been disappointed by the overall experience here. Save your money and your appetite and go elsewhere.I really enjoyed my visit here today.  The service was great and the food was very good.  The asparagus soup was excellent.  The arctic char was very good.  Definitely a place to return to.We celebrated our 12 yr anni here on a Friday night. I thought it would be packed but it wasnt , which wa a welcome change. The food was great. The Foes Grais Parfait on breoasch is AMAZING! I had the special salmon , it was wonderfu! My husband had the duck and it was good, not really any thing special. They have  a great wine list. dessert was great as well. The crem brulee and the choclate cake was devine!
Service was good. She was very attentive, although she seemed as if she was a bit scared.. Maybe ishe just started working there.?
I will def be back. 
So far one of the best places Ive been to in Calgary!!This is quickly becoming my favorite restaurant in Calgary. Second time we have been here and it was even better this time. We sit at the bar area, as it's great to be interactive with the chef or pastry chef.  I have nothing bad to say at all about this place . We had salt and pepper chicharrones for a snack to start, then some amazing corn soup with Parmesan tuile. Main course for her was the halibut, and I had the hanger steak. Both were goddamn brilliant!  Her halibut was cooked to perfection, and she is picky about her fish (needs it on the very rare side). I normally don't like hanger steak since most can't cook it correctly, but this was amazing. 
The head chef was in front of us making some deserts as we were finishing our mains, and we got to talk a lot to him about how things were so good. And he was more than happy to chat to us about everything. And a very nice surprise, he bought us both our deserts!  Can't say enough about this spot. You won't go wrong with Blink. Love the seasonal inspired selections!Our service was very good. Hangar steak was good. Ravioli was good.  Maple Apple crepe cake was really good.  Good food, good service, but nothing was "knock your socks off".App: Seared scallops & roasted pork belly, butternut squash purée w/ course mustard and flakes of fried squash chips. They were spectacular on their own but these ingredients all in one bite... studded velvet richness beyond compare. Nothing crazy inventive but done VERY well.

Entree: 1yr aged risotto with wild & cultivated mushrooms, boschetto. And here's where I go a little Guarnaschelli on the chef: Did it "need" 6 different kinds of mushrooms? Did you cook them all together at the same time... as in, some were moist others dry, grainy and woody. The rice was cooked well, perfect seasoning and tasty cheese. However, if you're going to charge $30 for rice, mushrooms, stock and herbs... get it right?!I travel a fair bit to Calgary for business and was looking for a new restaurant to try after hitting all the top steak joints.  I believe I have had my best Calgary Meal so far at Blink.  I did not have one bite  of my meal that I did not savour and enjoy.  I will be back!My friend and I love anything to do with goat cheese, so almost immediately we order the tomatoe and goat cheese salad ($13.50).  Almost as quickly as we had ordered it, we had devoured the perfectly tasty salad.  We tried to be patient and enjoy it, but it was just too good. 

I can absolutely  never turn down lamb, especially when I know it was going to be good.  And Blink is one of those places where you just know that it is going to be good.   I ordered the grilled leg of lamb for $32. As I had suspected, it was mouth-watering.  The whole meal had been perfect. 

The service was also really great and they were very well informed.  They helped us picked a perfect bottle of wine for our meal. 

The day I went, we got a private table right by the window.  It was snowing outside, but the atmosphere couldn't have been more warm. 

They also hold cooking classes the last Sunday of every month.  I actually haven't gone to these classes yet, but if they can make me cook food as tasty as what is on the menu, I'm going to register ASAP.Nice space with great food.  You can watch the very professional kitchen at work.  My waiter had been out for a while which led to some confusion about specific menu items but all in all a great place I would recommend.Nice atmosphere, good waiters, great food... I have been here about 5 times in 2012 and will continue to be a patron for years to come. I loved the rabbit when it was on the menu, please bring it back.My wife and I were looking forward to this restaurant during Stampede after many people recommended it to us, and after reading the many positive reviews on Yelp.  It seemed to be a great restaurant in the middle of Stephen Avenue, and so we grabbed a seat on the patio, and anxiously awaited our meal.  From what we saw, the menu seemed to be quite interesting, with a number of dishes that caught our eye.

I had decided on the lobster & risotto, and my wife had decided to go with the chicken.  We wanted to share the cheese souffle as an appetizer.  We were about to order, but we inevitably asked the waitress for what she thought was some of the best fish / meat dishes.  She recommended the herbed halibut, which was served with polenta and broccolini.    My wife switched to the tenderloin, which apparently was "fantastic", and based on what we read from the Yelp reviews, we switched to the gouda macaroni to begin.

We were starving and so hungrily ate the starting bread.  45 minutes later, our macaroni was brought... to the table beside us.  It took 10 minutes for a waitress to come outside and take the dish away, and another 15 minutes for us to get a fresh one.  At least they didn't just move the dish from the other table directly to ours!  The macaroni was bland, lacked salt, or really any other flavour.  Highly over-rated in my opinion.

After another 45 minutes, our meals came.  The "herb-crusted" halibut looked more like a square slice of a frozen entree with a perfectly cut pesto puree placed on top.  It was served on top of a cylinder of polenta.  The whole appearance had a cafeteria-like feel to it, which would have been fine if there was taste.  The combination of flavours didn't work well, and there was no "crusting" at all - it was all a mush on top of a well-cooked piece of fish.

The steak didn't fare any better - my wife didn't finish it.  She ordered medium rare and got more of a medium - and the flavour in the meat was lacking.  Don't get me wrong, the beef itself was good - I mean, it is Alberta, but there was nothing beyond the cut of meat in the meal.

We decided not to opt for dessert as we noticed the table beside us had theirs look like the same frozen entree appearance - a perfectly cylindrical hazelnut nougat.  Plus we had been waiting far too long as it was for our food... the bill finally came, and it had 5 drinks on it that we didn't order.

To summarize, the food was nothing spectacular... which was unacceptable given that this is on the pricier scale in Calgary.  The service complemented the poor food as well.

We won't go back.Best food in Calgary, bar none!
The menu changes with the season to ensure its freshness, and being a bit of a foodie, I've become obsessed with their offerings. 
I have yet to order a dish that I haven't fallen in love with. 
Highly, highly recommended.This place is ridiculous...ridiculously amazing, super, fantastic, phenomenal - need I go on?!?  I enjoyed one of the BEST meals of my life...I wanted to lick the plate, but knew it wasn't appropriate at such a classy place!  The restaurant's atmosphere is perfect...comfortable, classy and relaxing.  The service is top notch - my server made me feel very welcome and was very charming.  Now, the food...I ordered the duck with cherry and green beans.  I ate every last bite and wished that there was more to eat.  You must visit Blink...you won't be disappointed!After reading a lot of the reviews I thought for sure Blink would have 5 stars in the bag. i'd have to say it was a little underwhelming. I love the ambiance, it's a great place for a date or fancier dinner while still being trendy! 

The food was amazing, the portions were  a little small but the food was definitely good. The wine itself was 6/5 stars, it was so delicious and I loved sitting near the wine rack! Server was great, and I actually don't really have any complaints other than the fact that it was a little pricy. That being said Blink is missing a "wow" factor. I don't know what it is, I can't in fact put my finger on it but it's missing something. And that something is keeping me from giving Blink a 5 star review!Just passing through Calgary and looking for a place downtown so we dined there last night and I can honestly say the server was fantastic. She knew the menu and the wine list, plus she made a great recommendation on the wine. If that was all there was to it, it would have been five star.

The room is pretty, but we came for the food, and like the room it was cold. The appetizers were great. The entrees were bland and just not warm enough. After reading the reviews on yelp and in every magazine I picked up in Calgary, I expected it to be better. The least we need is hot food on a cold night. I don't know how to say it any other way. 

Maybe we caught the place on an off night, but probably won't give it a second chance. I would suggest you try somewhere else. Because at that price point you shouldn't have to wonder. If Blink is there in two years, I would be surprised.I don't usually write reviews. But I will write it just so people don't waste their money in this restaurant. First of all service is standard nothing over the top good. Now the food, God was it mediocre.  My fiancee and I went on a Saturday night. The restaurant was half empty, partly due to the bad economy I guess. We ordered smoked salmon and saqush soup for appetizer, hanger steak and Lingcod for entree. Smoked salmon tasted ok, squash soup felt like the the chef just dumped a mixture of sugar cream and butter in there. The entree is even more disappointing. Hanger steak was 39 bucks for 5 small slices of steak in some kind of weird sauce. There were also other small pieces of  mushroom, bacon and onion on the plate which didn't really work with the steak. Lingcod tasted like it came out of microwave way over cooked. Anyways, our bill at the end was 142 with two drinks. If you want to spend a good night of fine dining don't go there. There are way better options on the same street. We wish we had gone to HY steakhouse.Stopped by Calgary en route back from Banff and to our home (New Jersey). The atmosphere of the restaurant is chic and it has a great ambience. I was a bit worried as we were in hiking clothes having come from Banff and as we are not from the area, we were not sure how acceptable it was especially in such a nice restaurant. While we were a bit underdressed for my comfort, we were seated without problem and received exceptional service from the hostess, assistant servers, and our main server Ken B who we thought was exceptional - friendly, attentive, energetic. We had a stuffed mozzarella zucchini blossom special appetizer which was out of this world and nothing like we've ever had before along with a duck pate appetizer. Both were very good but the zucchini blossom really stood out. For entrees I had the homemade ravioli which I thought was okay- it was stuffed with ricotta cheese and also had walnuts - I thought the combination made it taste quite dry, however the flavor was there and the texture of the pasta was on point. Husband had the Alberta chicken dish and it completely blew us away. The chicken skin was thin and crispy - I am not a chef by any means but I feel like must have trimmed every last bit of fat of the skin yet somehow got the meat to taste so juicy and flavorful and the skin to be perfectly think and crisp - nothing like we've ever had before. Of course with such outstanding dishes, we had to proceed with dessert where we chose the chocolate tart and strawberry shortcake. Both were good, but I favored the latter with the basil ice cream. I would give the food 4.5 stars and the service 5 stars. If ever we visit Calgary again, we will for sure make it a point to stop here.Came here for a post-work-event-dinner and even though we arrived 7 minutes before the kitchen was closing, they were really sweet to let us come in for a meal. The service was incredible, despite our lateness, and she really did not seem annoyed at us. 

On to the food and wine! Our waitress made some great wine recommendations and we were all happy with our choices. The food was lovely. I had salmon which had a really crispy skin (my fav) though was a bit salty for me. My friend's steak was probably the star though. A perfect medium-rare and with a pea puree that tasted like a garden. mmmmm.

Dessert was good - I recommend the rhubarb tart over the lemon cheesecake or chocolate mousse, but want to try the rum soaked cake next time. I'm not sure what kind of coffee they brew but the espresso was really nice as well. I really don't have anything bad to say about this experience!

Looking forward to going back!My boyfriend had been to blink before and commented on how phenomenal the food was, so he decided to take me here for a little Thanksgiving celebration. 

The atmosphere of blink was mellow and relaxing. The contemporary decor and the exposed brick walls adds a nice touch. The lighting was dim, and the noise level was average. The restaurant is  an 'upscale'  fine dining place. It can comfortably fit larger groups of about 8-10 people (restaurant has a capacity of 62). It is probably best to make reservations, because although it is Thanksgiving weekend the restaurant was quite busy and full when we arrived.

The menu items are a bit more pricey than your average Moxie's restaurant, but I definitely thought that it was money well spent. Our waitress was phenomenal. She was very attentive, polite and her timing was great (she gave us just the right amount of time between ordering/finishing drinks, dinner and dessert). I would definitely say that I had a pretty good experience at this restaurant and that I would recommend it to friends.

Food wise, we started off the night with a blueberry hot tea, which consisted of blueberry liquor, some cinnamon, a slice of orange and earl grey black tea. This is the most unique form of tea I have ever tasted, but none the less I was quite impressed by it. The blueberry liquor was very mild, and the cinnamon added a delicate flavour. I was never a big fan of strong liquor so this was definitely to my liking.

Next, we went straight to the dinner menu. I ordered the chef's special halibut which came with sushi rice, pickled beech mushrooms, and warm sesame vinaigrette. The halibut itself was delicious. It was soft, moist and cooked just right. The sesame vinaigrette was very unique it added a tinge of sourness to the mushrooms and rice, but it was not overpowering. I personally have not decided on whether I like the sesame vinaigrette or not yet, but its definitely different.

My boyfriend for dinner ordered the Roast breast of Noble Farms duck, which came with scalloped potatoes, almond purée, green beans and Santa Rosa plums. The duck was absolutely delicious, it was tender, juicy, and flavourful. The scalloped potatoes were made quite well. However, the almond puree seemed to have been a bit sweeter then my boyfriend remembered. The puree was a bit sweet to my liking as well.  

Finally, we had dessert. I had the Iced hazelnut nougat with fresh raspberries and raspberry coulis and my boyfriend had the Liquid centered Valhrona chocolate cake with crème fraîche sorbet. Both were phenomenal and left us both quite satisfied with our choices. The iced hazelnut nougat appeared to be a smooth little ice cream cake, but the hazelnut nougat embedded in the ice cream definitely did its justice. It added a nice texture contrast and a delicious crunch. The fresh raspberries and raspberry coulis was a bit more on the sour side and complemented the iced hazelnut nougat well. The Liquid centered chocolate cake on the other hand was a warm dessert. Like a chocolate molten cake it had a liquid inside that just floods your mouth. The difference though is that it has just the right amount of chocolate that isn't too rich (I'm not a big fan of chocolate cakes because I find them a bit too rich). It is complemented by the fraiche sorbet which was more on the tangy side. 

Delicious!!Visited Blink for the first time this evening for a wine pairing with NZ producer Forrest Wine.  I won't get into the details of the dining room but can be described as simple elegance. We started with appetizers of beef carpaccio, tuna tartare and arancini. The beef and tuna were splendid but I found the arancini to be on the salty side. This paired well however with the Cava paired to it which redeemed it. First course was a beautifully presented beet, radish and goat cheese salad. The texture of the wafer thin sliced vegetables paired with the creaminess of the goat cheese was a smashing success. The second course of gazpacho and chilled tomato soup was ok however the prawn and pea spring roll was dynamite. The 3rd course was a duck confit with gnocchi and morel mushrooms. This was literally plate licking good and reminds me that I should always order duck. Dessert was a lemon cream with strawberries. Each course was expertly paired and the service of the kitchen and wait staff was impeccable. This is a special dining experience that was worth every penny. I'd go back and think that due to the seasonal nature of their menu should be revisited.

A worthy splurge!Don't understand why this restaurant is rated so high.  The tomato soup is just okay, the buffalo mozzarella is just okay, the halibut is not good.  Overall this restaurant is not that great for four starts.  For the price, I am sure there are others much better in Calgary.Excellent dining experience in Calgary. Had the salmon special with a great Chardonnay.  Great service.Service and food were amazing. We went here for my birthday this past weekend and it was a wonderful evening! My fiancé and I shared the octopus to start, we both got the hanger steak as mains, and then shared the chocolate tart for dessert. The staff was extremely friendly, knowledgable and attentive. I will definitely be going back.I have heard really good things about Blink, so I was really excited when I dragged my date here. It has a beautiful atmosphere with modern decor integrated perfectly with the exposed brick. The tables had these large chairs that were very comfortable. Being a bigger guy I did appreciate larger chairs to rest my large posterior. 

For drinks we had 2 glasses of Big Fire Pinot Noir ($12/glass). This was the highlight of the meal for me. It was just good stuff, perfect to loosen one up before a great meal.

We had the mushroom soup ($9) and as starters Squash soup ($9). The mushroom soup was perfect, so creamy and smooth. The squash soup was surprising thin and light. Not like a butter nut squash. 

For a main course we had the Beet Salad ($13.50). It was light and refreshing. Almost tasted like a spring type dish. We also had the Rabbit ($33). This guy was from Lethbridge. It's always good to eat a local little one of these guys. I like the fact that most of the ingredients are from Alberta or BC. They go out of there way to let you know about it. Service was good. Pricey.

24/30 Yelp 30 Day Challengei thought this restaurant was aight. food was good overall. the Alberta hangar steak was the best dish of the 4 i tried. The meat was very tender and flavorful. The red wine sauce it came with and the potato were perfect complements to the meat. There was also an arugula pesto and large pieces of bacon. Would have liked to have seen double the potato since I like my potatoes and meat however. the risotto was also quite good. so make sure to get one or both of those if you go!Tasty rich food with lots of veggie options. Portions a wee bit small thoughI've only been during "The Big Taste", so my experience may not represent a normal night at Blink.  

We liked the decor- simple, modern and sleek, but still warm.  We were seated near the back with a view of the (bright) kitchen and the bar.  We noticed a cute-looking booth at the front with a great view of the street outside- worth reserving for a small group in the future!

For dinner I ordered from the Big Taste menu.  My starter was a salad of endive, pears, parmesan and walnut.  It was delicious.  My entree was the ricotta gnocchi (with black chanterelles); it was also very good, but not a filling portion.  I don't know if they serve a larger portion outside the Big Taste season.  Dessert was an ice cream sandwich with homemade ginger cookies and caramel ice cream- again, really good.  

Overall service was friendly and attentive, although after our meal while I was in the washroom my friend overheard the staff complaining about getting a small tip from another table.  Definitely unprofessional.  Another small complaint is that similar to other 8th Ave restaurants the basement washrooms smell a bit like sewers.  I know it's (probably) not their fault, but if I'd been paying full price for that meal I'd be expecting top food, service AND facilities.Just got back from dinner here and was quite impressed.

They had no tables free (reservations starting at 9pm if we wanted) so we opted for the bar.They offered us our drinks and brought some bread and butter. It didn't take too long for food to arrive.
 We had the cheddar souffle to start (shared) and then he had the goose, I had the tenderloin.

Both dishes and our appetizer were absolutely delicious. My only criticism was that they were a touch heavy-handed with the salt on the root vegetables. Our bartender-server was pleasant and the place wasn't overly loud, nor pretentious. It's definitely a classy place, somewhere I'd recommend for an anniversary or other special occasion. It isn't cheap, but it's definitely delicious.

My only complaint, and it's actually pretty off-putting is that we were charged $4 for water. Still water. I asked for tap water. I have no idea if that's what we got or not, but who the hell charges for water!?

Anyway - aside from that (which is enough to actually make me re-think going back since that seems like a sleezy cash-grab), it was a good experience.Came here for Taste 2015, and had a great experience.  Service was spot on, and the food was excellent.  I wouldn't say the prepared menu for the event was the greatest out of what was presented in their regular line up, but it was just enough to get me to want to come back.  We definitely enjoyed this first experience and look forward to come back and have another night at Blink.I would lick my plate if I thought it was acceptable.  Been here two times in the last month while in town on business.  Service is friendly, smart and helpful.  Food is exquisite - dessert fabulous.Completely phenomenal. I went with the Ricotta gnocchi, oyster mushrooms, wilted spinach & almond crunch dish that was so good. Try some of their Lapierre a ville - Morgan Gamet-noir wine!The cheese soufflé is as good as it gets. We've been to Blink a few times in the past and it's never been a disappointment. I do wish parking was simpler on Stephen Avenue but it's not Blink's fault. Try to reserve the seats beside the large windows for a fun evening of people watching.Went with a group on the long weekend.  The server was very friendly and attentive.  The cheese soufflé was my favourite appetizer and I ordered the halibut, which was fantastic.  The best part of the dinner was the desserts.  We ordered pretty much every dessert and passed them around the table.  We ended up ordering several extra of the raspberry dessert (I forget what it was called).  I will definitely go again the next time I am in Calgary!A couple of nights ago a close friend and I headed over to blink for a quiet meal before heading out dancing.

I found the atmosphere to be quite cozy and welcoming. I loved the fact that we were greeted as we came in and I thought the 'Chef's Table' featuring the daily specials was a very nice touch.

Our server was nothing short of professional and I was impressed by the menu as it offered its own vegetarian section. I opted to order the 'Saute of Polenta' which was excellent and my date ordered the halibut which he thoroughly enjoyed. The prices were steep ($17 for my meal, $33 for his) however I was happy to find out that Blink uses only the freshest ingredients, which all happen to be locally-grown. So not only were we enjoying a meal, but we were supporting the local market as well - win/win situation! 

Blink is definitely the kind of place you'd head to for a romantic evening out, or somewhere you'd go to have sparkling conversation with a good friend. it's the kind of place where intimate conversation is possible and it is the perfect prelude dinner spot before going off elsewhere to dance the night away.Overall it has a great atmosphere and I enjoyed the decor. They were one of the only places on Stephen Ave that could accommodate our group for lunch.

I had the mac and cheese which was very nice and cheesy and great for a cold day and it also came with a side salad which was ok but nothing special just some greens with a vinaigrette. 

The disappointing part of the visit which really took away from everything else was the poor service that we received. The place wasn't overly busy but our server seemed to be quite focused on serving other tables and not ours. He wasn't very helpful with providing gluten free options for those who had dietary restrictions, when we asked he said anything can be gluten free and then excluded over half of the menu which was a bit frustrating. 

As well when we asked for change at the end we were snapped at and given some serious attitude. Although we were a larger group and gratuity was included in the bill no matter what it still would have been nice to have some courteous service.

The food wasn't good enough to justify going back so I think we will stick with other places from now on.STILL HUNGRY!!!  
I took my colleague and a client to Blink this past week.  It was the first time any of us had been there.  So, let's just get to the Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
THE GOOD
-The food was very, very tasty.  I ordered the Arctic Char, and it was delicious.  Presented well - almost too pretty to eat.  
-I enjoyed the ambiance - the older buildings in downtown Calgary have great charm.
THE BAD
-I said the food was good, right? It was, but there just was not enough of it.  I'm not a heavy-weight eater, but this girl still wants to be satisfied.  Fish in itself is not normally a hearty meal, and so you need to give it more substance with ample sides. I do not, I repeat, I do not want to spend close to $30 to be hungry. I was literally licking the herbs off the plate.
-We waited 45 minutes for our food - and this, over a business lunch hour just is not good.  Does delicious, quality food take time? Absolutely, and I don't mind being patient in a fast-food world, but this was just too long.  20-30 minutes max. 
THE UGLY
-Our pretty-boy host was either having a bad day or a bad life. I give people the benefit of the doubt as we all have crappy days, but the first face that greets you in a restaurant should make you want to sit down, eat, drink and stay.  The sight of our host almost made me turn my heels and leave.  

Will I return? Not on my own volition.  I will not be taking clients, friends, family or random strangers ;) here again.  For the same amount of money or less, you can have a full, happy tummy, be served quickly and with a smile in several other downtown places - Pampas, Moxie's Grill (yes, I know it's a chain, but downtown location is good), Cactus Cub, etc.This is one of my favs. I can't say enough about the menu and wine list.

The duck is the best in Calgary, one of the best in Canada.

I like the atmosphere so I tend to show up for a bottle of wine and the cheese plate to spend an evening. The cheese plate comes with an offering of raw honeycomb which is great.

If you sit at the front and look out at the heritage buildings it feels like France or Italy in the evening, which helps pass the time in Calgary.

Definitely recommend BlinkWent to Blink with a group of ladies and we had an awesome experience. While the menu is fairly small, there's quite a variety and there should be something for anyone. Including, as it turns out, vegans - the server was quick to point out dishes that one of the attendees could eat with little to no modifications to ingredients.

While on the higher end price-wise, the food quality is definitely worth it. Everything we had was exquisite. We stuck with appetizers mainly (cheese plate, gyoza, beet tart, scallops), but those who ordered mains were also impressed with their meals.

The server was attentive, kept filling water glasses and made sure we had everything we needed. The staff were very friendly overall.

I'd love to come back and try the cocktails, mains & dessert. Definitely a must-visit!I love local food, but I am on a budget. I decided to check out Blink to be fancy for lunch now a couple times. First I'll say the food I've had there is DELICIOUS. The atmosphere is upscale, but welcoming and the service is lovely. 

So, should be five stars, yeah? Okay, maybe I am cheap but the prices were a bit outrageous for me. The menu doesn't state what is local or not, so I don't know if I am paying the "indie tax" (which I am fine with if explained to me) or not. My quiche was delicious, but small-ish and $17.00. I ordered sparkling water and for a small bottle they charged me $7.50! For water! I was shocked. Because I'm on a budget, I cannot go back. But if I made more money, I'd probably check them out more often.To me, Blink is like an old friend that I catch up with from time to time. The visits are few and far in between but each time I'm there, I'm reminded of the good times - or in this case, the good food!

The special of the day was pork belly with summer veggies, how could I say no to that? To me, pork belly is a close second to bacon!

The atmosphere here is great, it's a smaller sized space to so it doesn't get too crowded, therefore you can come here to catch up with an old friend (and not have to yell) and enjoy an amazing meal.

To balance my rich and savoury meal, I ended off with a sweet iced hazelnut nougat topped with fresh berries - highly recommended!

Stephen Ave is quite saturated with restaurants, so it can be overwhelming to choose where to eat. But if you want quality in food, service and atmosphere, then head to Blink. Like me, you'll be glad you did.I went here for the Open Table Taste of Calgary whatever whatever. It was a 3 course set menu that spoiled me forever and bumped me up a dining bracket.

We brought our own wine. Corkage was $15 and well worth it although their wine list looked good too. 

To start I had a souffle that words cannot describe. It was so light and fluffy I didn't believe it was egg at first. It feels like your eating mouse almost. 

Then excellent fresh bread and butter, and the risotto WOW!!!!! Since eating theirs I have eaten 12 others, and tried to make my own 4 times now. Nothing compares. Nothing is even worthy to be on the same table as what they made. It was truly a work of art. I wish I could cook 1/6 that good. It was so flavorful.

Then dessert came. I completely forget what it was (6 months later finally writing this review) all I know is I liked it a lot at the time.

The atmosphere is romantic, modern, and has this excellent vibe to the place. 

The service.... oh the service... I've eaten at a lot of places in Calgary. From $5 burgers to $250 a plate 5 star restaurants on the bow. None have matched that of the service at blink. I think that is where the name comes from because every time I would blink my wine would be refilled along with my water. Our server was a ninja. She just glided in without disrupting our conversation and took such excellent care of our table. I felt like Royalty!

Now we have moved to San Francisco, but next time we are in Calgary and looking for a celebratory meal this is where we are going.I was not very impressed with this restaurant the last time I went. The food was bland and not much creativity was incorporated into the dishes. I don't think I would come here again.A great spot for a classy business lunch!  I have hated peas since I was a kid, but their pea risotto is fabulous.  Nice to know there is a spot downtown where I can have lunch with clients and not feel guilty after!I ate here this past weekend on Friday night for my wedding anniversary.  Every single thing we ordered was delicious.  The waitress we had seemed to be very busy, even though it wasn't that full, but there was a host or manager person that was very attentive and picked up any slack in service we had.  He even brought us a complimentary starter since we were there for a celebration.

We ordered the Soufflé, Scallops, and the Albacore tataki.  I'd probably skip the Tataki, it was a bit bland.  Three starters might be a bit much, but I usually enjoy small plates better than a large entrée.  The waiter brought us the Beets because it was our anniversary, and we really enjoyed it.  The Scallops were my favourite of the starters we had.

For mains we had the Tenderloin and the Halibut.  Both were delicious and we could not finish either of them.  This meant we were much to full to sample any deserts.

We drank the Alex Gambal Chardonnay and it was fantastic.  Incredibly hard to find to purchase, so have a glass or two while you are there and think of me!Nice service, a bit over attendant for business lunches but makes up for it with food and price.I'm not trying to be critical of this restaurant but I simply couldn't give it anything more than two stars.  The service was great.  It deserves a five star rating.  The food and price are not in correlation with each other.
I had a flat iron steak which came in at $24.50.  My buddy had the same with a $9.00 bowl of Mushroom soup.  He told me the soup was delicious so I think its fair that I tell you that.  I told him that for $9.00 a small bowl of mushroom soup should be.
The steak was not good.  It was a very tender cut but it had no flavor.  It did come with a sauce that certainly helped but I have had it's equal at a truckstop.  The difference being that for $25.00 I got a half-tank of gas as well as a poor steak there.
I tipped 20% on a $66.00 bill because the service was that good but I don't ever see myself going back when there are so many choices downtown.I booked the private dining room at this restaurant for a group of girls on a bachelorette based on raving reviews.

The restaurant was beautiful and the food was amazing! I got the salmon main which was presented beautifully and tasted even better, and an octopus app to start.

Our server was incredible and very patient and accommodating with all of our needs.Our first dinner at Calgary was at Blink, a trendy restaurant specializing in local ingredients (especially Okanagan peaches) and some pretty creative flavor combinations.  Our trip from SFO was somewhat rough - nearly 2-hrs flight delay so a nice dinner would really patch things up.

Blink definitely exceeded our expectations.  We enjoyed all the dishes, had good and friendly service, and some pretty good desserts.  The food came out slower than we're used to, but that's OK since the food was prepared perfectly.  So 5-stars!  We ordered:

Peach Salad: Arugula, candied pecans, Prosciutto, Parmesan, and some really soft and sweet peaches makes for a very tasty and refreshing salad. (5 stars)

Cured Salmon: Similar to smoked salmon but here its cured with salt and citrus to impart some sweetness.  It goes on some toasted rye bread with mustard seeds and a salmon-flavored cream.  Unique taste and quite good. (5 stars)

Wild Halibut: It came with a fried chicken skin (?!) and was served on a bed of corn, chanterelles, and spinach.  Fish was seasoned and cooked well, and was best eaten with all the other components. (4 stars)

Hanger Steak: Seasoned and juicy medium-rate. Calgary (Cowgary?) is famous for its beef so this dish was a great way to start the trip!   I'm used to seeing french fries, but Blink's version had a nice potato cake and some nice sides of pickled onions, shiitake, and bacon lardons! (5 stars) 

Pear and Lemon/Ginger Sorbet: Couldn't taste the ginger, perhaps the lemon and pears overwhelmed. (4 stars). My wife liked this dessert but mine was much better....

Bruleed Peanut Butter Tart and Ice Cream: Wow - I'm a huge PB fan and here I get it served two ways, with sour cherries and peanuts. (5 stars).  Great end to a great dinner!Recommended by work friends and was on the list for a long time, finally got to go a week ago.  Walking in, was suprised by the size, from the street I thought this would only be a 10-12 table place but was quite expansive and has a big bar toward the back.  Greeted and seated quickly, and got our choice of table since it was a bit early on a weeknight.  Food was really good, the lamb sausage and lamb loin was incredible - a very unique dish with miso gnocchi.  Also got the halibut which was good, but not in the same league as the lamb dish.  The cheese plate starter was nice, got a salad as well which was just okay.

I would not hesitate to recommend, but not sure it would be the first place I would come back to for a meal at this price (expensive!) in Calgary.I came here last night with a friend for a Christmas friend date. From beginning to end the service was impeccable.

The menu is small but there's excellent choices on it. Appetizers will run you from $9 soups up to around $13 for things like tataki. The mains are $28 to $38 but average at about $33. I had the tenderloin of beef ($38) and my friend went with the Sable fish ($33). The beef was so tender I almost didn't need a knife to cut it. It just melted in my mouth. The side's were earthy vegetables which included beets and turnips. Also there was a tasty red cabbage compote. The veggies were nicely braised so they stayed crunchy and firm.

The wine list here is almost endless. You can order by the glass ($8-20), by half bottle, or full bottles ($45-240+). It was hard to choose but eventually decided on a bottle of Twenty Rows from Napa Valley ($75). It was a little fruitier than what I like out of a Cabernet Savignon but I enjoyed it nonetheless.

For desert my friend and I shared a sticky toffee pudding ($10). It was warm and moist and thoroughly soaked through with sauce. It was the perfect way to end the meal.

To finish the night I had a glass of Merlot, of which the brand escapes me at the moment, and my friend had a Riesling.

The total bill including tax and tip came to just shy of $300. A great value for the quality of ingedients and service you'll get here.Blink looks narrow and long from the outside. From the inside, though it is still much longer than it is wide, it's not as small as I initially thought.

Blink has impressed me from the get go. I made a reservation through Open Table. The day of, Blink called to confirm the reservation. When I arrived, our table was ready and waiting. My coat was hung in the coat room with care and I had hopes that my tablemates would all soon be there.

We were a table of 8 and ordered drinks and shared a few appys. We settled on the golden and chioggia beet tart, British Columbia spot prawn gyoza, and a plate of cheese from the charcuterie menu. I also ordered green hubbard squash with sage and potato gnocchi. Blink is one of the many restaurants that sources all ingredients locally. I think it shows in the flavour and freshness of the food. My favourites from our meal were the beet tart and the gnocchi. The first time I ever tried gnocchi was in Italy, so I'm always a little weary of eating it in Canada. Blink did this dish justice.

It may have helped that the restaurant was not all that busy during our visit, but our experience was nothing short of immaculate. As Danelle W mentioned, one of our dishes was modified easily to include goat cheese on the side and with no fuss from our server to accommodate one of our guests.We did a 'date night' here. Awesome is the best word to describe it. It's not a 'family' type restaurant. It's a couples/business type place. The food was exceptionally good from the appetizers to the dessert. The duck was exceptional. We loved our dessert. We would definitely come here for a special occasion. The prices are a bit high but it was worth it and the service was outstanding.Great service and absolutely delicious!  We had the salmon app, the pork shoulder and the halibut.   All were excellently prepared and served beautifully.   Oh, and we enjoyed their signature drinks as well.   I had a 'clockwork orange.'   Delish!I was already writing my review in my head, including a potentially controversial three rating, as I sat waiting just a little too long for my main course.  First of all, I was a little put out by the $18 wine by the glass - 5 ounces! Maybe I'm old school, but at those prices my waiter shouldn't be wearing jeans and we should be eating from table cloths.  Next, while technically the waiter was correct, our "shareable" selection of starters - Elk Carpaccio and Albacore Tataki, were both a bit small and awkward to share amongst a group of five.  

But here's the rub, the food is spectacular!  Between the five of us we had the arctic char, Risotto and the beef. All were excellent.  And the desserts, wow!

So I gave in and moved my rating to a four. I wouldn't recommend it as a place to take growing hungry teenagers - like I did! A bit too nouveau cuisine and the prices are just a bit high for the portion size.  I not sure if these prices can sustain the current economic downturn given that expense account dinners are becoming more rare.

None the less, the food is excellent and well worth a visit.Although the Calgary Stampede crowd was heavy we were able to get a nice table on the patio. The waitress was very nice and had us wait in the bar while they reset the table. While we waited we tried their signature martini's. Try the Lychee martini, it's unusual, with a flower like aroma, but not too sweet. The halibut fish and chips were superb! Everything from high quality fresh fish, lite batter, and cooked to perfection without being too greasy. The fries were excellent as well. I would have given them a five, but they didn't handle the handoff from the bar to the patio well. Another waitress gave away our patio table and fortunately another patio table emptied so we had to wait a little longer, but were good to go.If you are in the downtown Calgary area and looking for one of the best meals possible, you have to check this place out.  I have been here numerous times and have yet to have nothing short of an amazing meal.  The menu changes with the availability of locale fair and the wait staff is always knowledgeable regarding menu choices.  I haven't figured out why they always ask if you have a reservation when there are plenty of seats available, however if you are in town for a short stay, be sure to reserve yourself a spot to ensure you get to experience one of the finest dining spots in Calgary.Love this place! Great service, amazing high class food that is mostly local. The piña colada is delish!! Pricey but worth it.Second time I've given 5 stars and well deserved.  I thought it might be overhyped and I would be let down but ohhhh no.  Went there with my old lady for our anniversary and we did the full tour. We had 2 appys; the cheese souffle and the scallops were both pretty good...the scallops also came with some sort of pork that was basically just deep fried fat chunks but I think that was the point.  The menu is a bit tough to interpret and I had to ask a few questions so you might end up with a suprise or two.  We each had fish for our entrees, and I think the halibut was better then the salmon but both very well cooked and seasoned. For dessert we had the chocolate tart and the hazelnut nouget with raspberries.....the raspberry dish was the best dessert I have ever had and this isn't my first rodeo, so don't think that I would say that lightly.  We also split a bottle of Tawnee wine (sweet but tasty) and our total bill was $200 including tip.  Not too shabby in my books considering how much we ate.  Definitely coming back!YUMMY!!!!!
had the surf and turf a while back.... craving it right now..
good service, good food, good atmosphere!I've been to Blink for lunch and  dinner and was fairly impressed both times. Atmosphere wise Blink has nailed it, cozy chic without being overbearing or stark.

The menu is interesting, I can't say I was over the top in love with the food. My pasta tasted...plain, and the Cod Brandade doesn't hold a candle to the one at Una.  My lunch dining companion raved about the rabbit and my dinner dining companion loved the fish. 

That said, I have to rave about the side dishes. The mac and cheese (oh yes I am huge M&C fan) was excellent, as was everything else I tried. The wine list is interesting, bigger than some and fairly diverse. 

I found the service to be attentive without being suffocating or lacking, it struck exactly the right balance.

Absolutely a go to for me again. Blink is one of those rare cases that can can serve both as a business lunch spot or a special night out destination.Absolutly amazing food. Starter: peach salad and main course: the chicken & the hailbut. desserts: lemon pears & pb&j tarte. The tart was phenomenal!Delicious food, great dishes all around. Loved the cheese and charcuterie, the tomato tart was incredible. The lamb was delicious, decent service, biggest complaint was that the restaurant was cold and drafty all evening. Nice atmosphere in a cool part of town.Where do I begin?

We were visiting Calgary for a family reunion of sorts.  We have a number of foodies in the group.  One in particular researched a number of restaurants prior to choosing Blink.  We were excited to have a great meal.

The Good:  We called on a Tuesday for a Tuesday (6/5/2018) reservation.  No problems there.  Also upon arrival, the initial service seemed good.  Thats were the good ends.

The Bad:  The restaurant was not busy.  Only 7 tables being served during most of the evening.  The initial waitress that took our drink order was friendly but we received another waitress to take our food order.  The service was atrocious!!!.  After our initial order was placed, we were never asked in the 2 hours there if we wanted any refills on drinks/cocktails.

The soups that came as appetizers were all luke-warm and flavorless  Everyone that ordered soup (5 people) agreed on this assessment.  We then waited for over 1.5 hours for our food to arrive.  Prior to this, we flagged the waiter down to inquire about our order and the delay.  She seemed completely unapologetic and dismissive.  After our food arrived, we also found the gnocchi to be luke-warm and bland.  We asked to speak to the manager, and he just claimed the kitchen was backed up because of add-on tables. (The restaurant was not busy at all).  He also seemed unapologetic and dismissive.  In his defense, he did comp the soups.  

One of our worst meal experiences ever.  
Terrible service, luke-warm food, flavorless food and poor management accountability.After reading so many excellent reviews for this place, Hubby and I were really excited to try it for ourselves. Maybe I was simply too excited for it, but overall, we weren't impressed. The room is beautiful. Nice high ceiling, beautiful exposed brick walls. Absolutely lovely. The food was also lovely.

So, now you're probably thinking, what's the problem then?

Well, in our case there were a couple of problems. 1) the portion sizes. Neither my husband nor myself are big eaters, but the entrees were small! We were both still hungry after our main dish. 2) the service. There was nothing completely wrong with our server, but he certainly didn't go above and beyond for us. Nothing stood out about the service as being particularly warm, thoughtful or skilled. The server hadn't even drawn our attention to the fact side dishes are separate from the main courses. As a result, we ordered our mains, they arrived, we saw there were no sides on our plates, we ordered sides and they arrived after we were done our entrees. Overall the pacing in general was just off. We wanted to enjoy a leisurely dinner, we ordered a bottle of wine, etc., etc. but our appetizers came out very quickly and our mains weren't far behind. The other issue we had with the server was that I explained, when we first got the menu, that I'm gluten-free. I asked for advice about what items I could order...he said everything was an option for me as they're good about tweaking things as needed to accommodate dietary restrictions. I settled on the duck confit salad as my appetizer and then the server tells me it can't be tweaked as there's soya sauce in it. Wish I had known that before getting my heart set on it.

Would I go back? Probably not. It was an expensive meal and though the food was tasty, there just wasn't enough of it and the service wasn't polished enough to justify such an expensive night out.I go here for lunch often because the ambiance is relaxing and the food is always good.

This week I ordered the peach and apricot salad, and it is to die for.  You'd think a salad couldn't be that outstanding, but it is.  I also had the wild salmon, and it was delicious - the tapenade and croquette is the perfect complement to this satisfying dish.

My only hesitation with rating Blink 5-stars is their dinner portions.  The food is just as good as their lunch menu, but the dinner portion size is a little bit on the light side.  Despite this, the food, atmosphere and service is so good, that I can't justify giving it anything less than a 5-star rating.

Compliments to the chef!This place is honestly such a hidden gem in Downtown Calgary; I can never understand why there aren't more people here!!!

The servers are so sweet, and always make it a point to chat (since I'm from out of town, I'm usually eating alone), which I think is such a nice touch!

They start you off with some complimentary bread and butter, and I don't know what they put in there (maybe it's because I slather the bread with copious amounts of butter) but it is DELICIOUS. The perfect amount of time goes by after you've received your bread and between when I get my app/entree, always. 

I've had a couple of their entrees - each has never failed to delight the taste buds. Their duck breast, beef bavette, and fish (forget what kind it was, but it was a mild white fish) were all very delicious. The meat is always tender, and well seasoned, and the sides offer some textural and flavour contrast. I can't say I'm blown away by the unique flavour combinations, but the food is always tasty and well prepared.

I wasn't a fan of their octopus appetizer (if that's still on the menu), but I've heard good things about the raviolo. If you're still feeling a little peckish and have a sweet tooth I would highly recommend the orange posset at the end of the meal! It reminds me of an upscale orange creamsicle, and has hints of ginger that really make the dish come alive!

I would have eaten more from the restaurant each time I was here, honestly, but I never have enough room. 10/10 would recommend, and would definitely come back!Really enjoyed our meal here, food was very well prepared and the flavors are clean and harmonious. Service was also very pleasant.Really nice food expertly prepared with good quality ingredients. We found the service to be really good.  Everyone was friendly and quick to serve us but stayed out of the way so that we could enjoy a nice quiet meal. We had the cheese soufflet and the crispy duck to start and they were both amazing followed by the tenderloin and the sable fish which were again, delicious. For dessert we had the iced nougat and the sorbet which were both really nice. 

Very exceptional restaurant. My only (small) complaint was that I found the wines by the glass list to be a little weak. I drink red and my wife drinks white so a bottle, of which they have some great choices, wasn't an option. I started with a glass of the pinot noir but found it really weak and flavourless. Again, not a huge issue but when you're paying over $200 for a dinner for 2 you expect a certain quality, even from wines by the glass.

Having said that, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this restaurant.Another one of those places that tries to market itself as upscale and don't quite hit the mark. Food pricey, small portions but average taste. 3 stars.Came back a year later, and still, heavenly.  Happy Birthday to me.

This time, we started with mushroom soup and a beet salad. The beets, while something I usually hate, were prepared so well that I was willing to negotiate. The mushroom soup, a perfect earthy and creamy prelude to dinner. We went with three amazing dishes for mains. First, a chanterelle gnocchi hit all the marks, with the right texture of dumpling supporting the amazing local fungi. Local "Peking" duck was presented in thin, rare slices, lightly sauced, and convinced a skeptical Russian duck fan that this high-end cuisine was indeed worth the effort. Since it was my birthday, I went with the tenderloin, medium rare, with a lovely risotto side. I rarely order pure steak at restaurants, but this had the quality, saucing, and presentation that exceeded what I could do at home. The desserts were heavy on the nuts so I could only taste the sauces and icing, but my companions were extremely happy with everything.

The wine list was great, selection was good, and the pairings were well-advised. Service was friendly and accommodating (we showed up 30 minutes early due to the difficulties of coordinating three people from three hotels, yet our table was already waiting for us).

This place is indeed a destination. Every trip to Calgary demands a visit.Did you know the chef has had previous training at french laundry?! Now you know.Quiet tonight. Everybody doing BBQs at homeDid you know the chef has siIf you don't try the hazelnut nougat with raspberries then just kill yourself now....unB!Great food in Calgary.  Salmon was perfect, mac-n-cheese was also delicious!Great food! Absolutely delicious but very poor service.Blink makes for a lovely setting for a girls night out or for a date. Wine, shared appys and dessert FTW!The sorbet was incredible... I'll never be able to eat regular old sorbet from a regular old ice cream store again! The flavours were so rich and realistic!The  cheese  soignéThe  cheese  soufle  is  a  must...The Wildrose,  IPA - brewed at Calgary Alberta :-). When in Rome!! :-)Great food!Rissoto is like some baby food.It smells so yummy in here!! Oh my dear Brisket, you and I shall be together again !Hayden Block is a Texas BBQ joint located on Kensington Road NW. I've been meaning to visit but haven't had the chance until my friend who had previously tried Hayden asked if I wanted to go there for dinner.

Parking in Kensington is always a pain, especially right on Kensington Road but if you're lucky, you'll catch someone leaving just as you are about to drive by. It was a Thursday just after 7PM and this place was bumpin'! They have some seating outside and the seating inside is long bench style, so you'll likely be sitting with others. Their menu is simple, they offer meat by the  1/2 lb, or meat 'by the each', sides as well as trays which as larger sides. I let O order because he knew what was good. He had mentioned that the turkey was really good but they happen to be out! :( We went with  1/2 lb of brisket and  1/2 of a chicken, a tray of mac and cheese, and a half trays of beet and watermelon salad. 

Everything came out all on one tray and it looked great! The brisket came with two pieces, perfectly marbled with fat to make it even more tender, yum!!! The half chicken was nicely season, skin wasn't crispy but still delicious, meat was tender. Both meats were nice and juicy with that perfect smoky flavor. They have three sauces at the table: spicy vinegar, house bbq, and espresso if you wanted more flavor. I tried them all and I liked the house bbq the most but I would prefer no sauce because the meats have a great taste already. The mac and cheese was topped with some bread crumbs and it was so cheesy, it went well as a side for the meat. The beet and watermelon mint salads were cool and refreshing. The watermelon mint salad had some pieces of mango inside which was a nice surprise.

Our server was sweet, she filled our waters and asked how everything was. The food was really tasty. I was telling O that Hayden felt like a place where all the guys came to have a bro night. Have some whiskey and order meat by the  1/2 lbs, and just hang out. I got that vibe too, and I felt that there were mostly men in the restaurant too!  Overall, it's a great BBQ joint in Calgary with an awesome ambience where you can kick back and relax after a long day of work or hit up during the weekend for some delicious protein and carbs!

Oh, they offer brunch on the weekends!
Ohhhh ohhh, all meat is HALF PRICE after 10pm!!! You're welcome ;)there's nothing bad to say here. I can't even pretend to be nit picky and say something not nice about this amazing spot. Very reasonably priced, humongous portions, delicious and very authentic American barbecue, and the in-house sauces are totally divine. the staff is knowledgeable and passionate without being that irritating in your face hipster staff where they're overselling and overchatting, but they answered our questions and checked in often. 

We tried some cocktails too - damn good. any place that is going to use Tito's in their sweet tea is very okay in my books. Will definitely be back. hopefully soon, too.Love this place, some of the best BBQ and amazing sides. Not to mention a great assortment of whiskey and scotch and a great atmosphere!This Austin-style BBQ joint is a welcome addition to the Calgary scene. No reservations, communal tables, and a menu consisting of just meat, whisk(e)ys of the world, and few sides. The meat is dry rubbed and slow smoked for 16 hours for a great texture and flavour across the board (might skip the turkey breast next time though unless with someone on a diet), and best of all you can order in 1/4 pound increments to make your own sampling platter. The meat is quite affordable, and after 10pm is half price! There are three house made sauces in big bottles on the tables, for dipping: a vinegary spiced one, a less sour cumin heavy one, and a deep flavored espresso one. I particularly liked the last two.

The whiskeys range from basic to very rare, with commensurate pricing. Great old fashioned too, I'm guessing the rest of the cocktails are of similar caliber. To put it over the top you can buy an ice sphere for your drink. Super clear and cut on the spot from a block. It'll keep your drink cold with minimal dilution.

All the staff were very friendly and the service was prompt. There are two patios, so definitely coming back some warm evening for well priced, tasty BBQ and some fine brown liquor...I asked hubby where he wants to go for Father's Day and he said smokehouse, so after speaking with some friends they suggested Hayden Block.  I didn't like the fact that they don't take reservations (lining up with two young kids isn't that fun) but thought if I could go early enough to beat the dinner rush I should be ok.  We arrived around 6pm on Father's Day and was lucky enough to get a table.  

Service was pretty quick and friendly for the most part, though I felt some of the servers looked at us awkwardly as we had our kids with us, yet they are family friendly up to a certain time... so I don't know what's the deal with that.  We ordered our drinks and food and didn't have to wait very long for them to arrive.  I will say I was pretty impressed with the food - brisket, hot link, deep fried pork belly and that giant short rib bone - really flavorful and tender! The salads were good as well - I found the mac and cheese a tad too cheesy and gooey for my taste.  What I liked the most was the corn bread - the honey butter was a perfect condiment to it!

Definitely great meats here - will be back!I've been here a couple times and I love their brisket and corn bread. Not a fan of some of their BBQ sauces, but I do enjoy their specially espresso BBQ sauce. Not a place I'd go for drinks, as it can be pricey but great food. Also good if you just want to enjoy a fine glass of whiskey.Third time being here--twice on dates and a third time last week with my son!
I cannot recommend it strongly enough--food is AMAZING!
super delicious! the beef brisket, the pulled pork, the mac n cheese, the HOT MESS! YUM--every single bite is to die for!
and Wes (16) adds: every single waitress is H O T!!
(kids welcome until 8 pm due to liquor licence regs)Damn good.  Period.  I always seem to get same server and love her.  She's real.  Tells you how it is and never steers you wrong whether ordering something that is too much, too little or if she thinks your misstepping on your drink order, she tells you!Had a guest in front Toronto and I think she said it best when she said she's traveled, singing to Blues and eating BBQ and this joint hit the spot. The vibe is relaxed albeit loud and the shared seating was comfortable rather than crowded. Full house the entire night that we could see but they texted when they were reassured for us and it was shorter wait time then expected. What to order? We had the turkey - wonderfully moist with a succulent flavour and the pulled pork - not overly fatty and with the great little crispy ends bits that I adore. We also ordered the sausage and the ribs and the beet salad and watermelon mint salad and the coleslaw. Well if we were going to check it out we must be thorough . We also had the corn bread - muffin actually. The corn muffin was only further enchanted by honey butter. Yum! The ribs were thick and fully of flavour and the salads were fresh and plentiful. We presented enough to have a meal tomorrow for five more people. Impressed.Smoked meat and cocktails are always good, but rarely exceptional. Atmosphere is vibrant, youthful, energetic and lively. Extended wait list are common and front patio has sun 2.5 months of the year. Rear patio is not really a patio - but more of a semi-covered room in which to get rowdy. At one point in the evening, at what seemed to be a family establishment, a young man clad in lumberjack plaid whipped his cock out and danced to the Macarena.I like BBQ. I like whiskey. I like patios. Sooo, hell yes, I really like Hayden Block. 

My Calgary comrade and I were recently strolling around Kensington a little bit hungover when we realized my baby had fallen asleep. We both knew we needed to find a little hair of the dog, stat, and our trusty Yelp app made it clear that Hayden was our man.

We snuggled up on their sunny back patio and enjoyed the brisket, cornbread, a few cocktails (Green Sleeves is particularly refreshing), and some rib ends. Delightful. 

I think you and Hayden could be BFFs, so go call on him.Delicious barbecue, quick service, and a fun open space! 

Came here as a group of 4 at ~8pm on Tuesday night and grabbed a high top table near the outdoor back area. It was seat yourself and we had no wait, probably because it was on the later side. I had a light raspberry beer that was pretty good, and our table ordered several items to share for dinner: watermelon mint salad, corn, mac and cheese + bacon, fried pickles, brisket, half chicken, ribs, and pulled pork. It was actually a perfect amount of food, and came out very quickly!! 

Everything was delicious.... the watermelon mint salad nice and light, the smokestack corn very rich and comparable to a mac and cheese texture, the mac and cheese itself just so creamy and delicious. The fried pickles were mediocre -- the pickle part and fried batter part separated so it seemed like we were really eating two discrete components. The meats were also all very good. My favorite was the ribs :) definitely a hearty, great meal!Good Calgary BBQ, one of the only restaurants in Calgary doing true Texas Style BBQ. Menu was easy to figure out & pricing was affordable. Loved the bbq sauces, sides were creative yet traditional & tasty. Meats were all smoked nice & presented properly. Good beer selection & great whisky list. Happy hour specials were great - 1/2 price whisky !!!! Cool hip setting, loved the family style tables. Need a BBQ fix, hit up Hayden BlockThe food was only okay and basic but I don't think one really goes here for food. That was my mistake. I was mostly just attracted by the crowd. There was a big crowd out in the front patio and in the back too. The alcohol selection was fairly extensive. I had nachos and queso, it was okay but would've liked real nachos. My friend had a pork sandwich and she seemed to enjoy it. The servers were kind and attentive so no complain thereGreat BBQ. Love the bacon wrapped corn on the cob, brisket and ribs. Service is hit or miss.Anytime I have an excuse to eat at Hayden Block I do - what a treat! Their smoked, dry-rubbed wings are simply amazing (go on a Wednesday when they are half price)! 
I have worked my way through at least half of their Cocktail list - also fabulous.
The little patio out back is really special.AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING FOOD + VIBE + SERVICE. 
I visited this restaurant while I was in Calgary and while there are a lot of restaurant options, I wanted to try some BBQ (and I highly recommend anyone visiting Calgary to put it on your list). This place is located in hipster Kensington and since I was headed that way anyways, we decided to try it out. 

Anyways, when I walked in, I already loved the vibe, It's very chill with a beautiful bar, loud but not overly loud music, long tables with bench seating, and friendly faces. The menu was a little hard to navigate because I didn't quite know what some of the items were... no description available. But let me just say this. GET THE BABY BACK RIBS. JUST DO IT. It's so crazy good! And the wings.. LOVE! We also got the watermelon and feta salad, which I'm not really a fan of just because I don't like the strong smell of feta. And the macaroni and cheese was pretty good but got too heavy after the first few bites. The drinks here are strong. I got one whisky drink and you don't have to wonder where the alcohol went in this place. It's in my cup!! I could totally feel it after a few sips. Or maybe that's just how they do it in Calgary. Anyways, fantastic meal for 3 for under $100 with drinks. Highly recommend!Carnivores rejoice!! Hayden Block serves yummy meats 'Murcian style. 

They don't take reservations but I've never had a problem getting a table right away. If the front patio is too exposed to the street for you, there's another enclosed one in the back of the restaurant. 

The first time I went, it was on a Wednesday at 6 pm. Their wings were half off but we got the smoked half chicken and 1/2 lb of beef brisket instead. I love that you can customize your sides with awesome choices like homemade potato salad, broccoli salad, and the bacon wrapped corn is TO DIE FOR. 

The prices are extremely reasonable! The brisket and chicken were $12 each. Each side is $4 and they offer free white bread too!! 

I've also had their 10 pm happy hour menu and while it's a great deal, the meats were cold and not as moist. I know it's half off it's they're trying to get rid of their stock but it's disappointing that they don't maintain the same quality throughout the night. 

Anyway, I love Hayden Block and you should too!Such a great place to go and get your meat fix!! I tried the brisket, turkey, bacon wrapped corn, watermelon salad and coleslaw. It was all gluten free and tasted amazing!Loved the group tables and the atmosphere - great selection of whiskey and the brisket and jalapeño cornbread were so delicious!Enjoyed our experience here. Only negative was the noise,  we had a hard time hearing what the server had to say.  Anyhow our party of four each ordered something different to share. There were 3 sauces vinegar,  a house sauce and an espresso on the side. The pulled pork, brisket, ribs and turkey were all good without adding sauce. That is something I appreciate, lots of BBQ places just slather some sweet sauce on just to cover a sub par product. Not the case here. 

One of the better BBQ joints in Calgary  

PS good whiskey and beer selection too. Unfortunately they were out of the beer I ordered.Best meat I've ever shoved in my hole. I pierced a rib and more juice came out than halftime at a synagogue.1. Location: 4/5 On busy street. Parking lot is not available. Need to pay to park on the street for 2hr max.
2. Atmosphere: 4.5/5 Open, casual, family gathering, but has a great bar with a team of wondeful friendly and professional bartenders. Do not mis-judge them that this place is only for the adults.
3. Quality: 4.7/5 Highly recommend to sit on the bar. Ask bartenders for recommendations for beers. You will have samples. They have wonderful selections of beers and wiskies as well. Just try but do not drunk drive!!!
4. Taste: 4.9/5 OMG! So good meats ans sides!!!
5. Price: 4.5/5 Not cheap but it is worth for every pennies.
###
Of course...Strongly Recommend!!!!I went there for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Nice environment, good food and really nice whiskey selection.I've eaten at Hayden Block a couple of times and have sampled most of the menu.

I think their strongest main is the brisket - I loved it. The pulled pork and smoked chicken tasted like they needed some sauce. Anywhere else this would not be a big deal, but Hayden Block has some singularly bad sauces. There's the original (tastes of cumin), the espresso (tastes of cold coffee), and the spicy (not a bbq sauce so much as a hot sauce).

The sides were mostly great. Loved the loaded sweet potato and the bacon wrapped corn.

The weakest main was unfortunately the most expensive one: the short rib. It was oversalted and dried out.

I liked the service and the vibrant atmosphere, but overall I would rather return for a drink and some appetizers than a plate of BBQ.Excellent BBQ, great selection and a live joint!  Just about as good but not quite on the same level as some of my favorites back in NYC, but much better BBQ than Bookers.  Trying to get in on a Saturday night is going to cost you quite some time, but I found it worth the ~45 minute wait.  Got the pulled pork, pork spare ribs, half chicken, and a side of broccoli salad for $46 - awesome deal.  Ribs were the star of the show, and hard to believe but the broccoli salad might've come in second!  To add to your meal, every single one of their sauces was mouthwatering, the espresso was truly unique.I've been waiting a while before checking this place out. I wanted the hype of a new establishment to cool down to get an accurate read of the place. We stopped in on a Sunday afternoon and sat at the bar. If you are into whiskey or bourbon this is your joint. I'm partial to gin and vodka myself, but they can accommodate with a few cocktails. I would suggest the Greensleeves for gin drinkers. I also tried the frito pie as a snack (fritolay chips, beans, queso, and brisket). It's their take on nachos. It was delicious and hit the spot for $10. Sunday special is a Caesar (vodka or gin) for $5.50. I tried one and thought it was tasty, but went down too fast. I will be back to try the main menu. 
Pluses: friendly service, large whisk(e)y and bourbon menu, lots on draft, clean premises. 
Minuses: waste on the pours, don't take reservations, few gin/vodka choicesThe good - this place is awesome family friendly. The service is amazing. The patios are super cool. The staff are on point. Food is usually good but not mind blowing.

The bad - It's never consistent. We had two completely different orders of Queso an hour apart. It was like we were at a different restaurant. The sauces are good but a traditional bbq sauce is also needed. Pulled pork and ribs are usually really great but can also be too dry.Discovered that all their meats are half off after 10pm! Who could resist?! We got several different kinds and shared around the table. Everything was delicious and presented well. Fantastic selection of whiskey for those that like to partake! Decent prices for the after 10 deal, though it would be fairly pricey anytime before.As a backyard BBQ aficionado, we're always on the lookout for good meat. I've had BBQ all over town and Hayden BY FAR gets the gold. Our favorite is the brisket but everything is phenomenal. The ribs are juicy, not dry like some other places in town. The sides are great too, and of course the huge selection of whiskey and bourbon from all over the world is amazing too. Knock yourself out.Went to Hayden block after reading very positive reviews on Yelp! It was a good experience. 
The meats and sides were delicious. Great ambience and great service. We had the brisket sandwich and the pulled chicken along with macaroni. The corn bread was nice!
Good selection of whiskey for those who like to partake. 
Certainly worth many visits.Love the atmosphere of Hayden Block. The food and service are terrific. I just wish there were sides that aren't as heavy to pair with the meat!I've been been here a few times now and the food is always great! My favorite is the Brisket. The menu is short and straight to the point so you don't have to flip through pages and pages to figure out what you want.  If whiskey is your thing their knowledge of whiskey goes unmatched in the city! Great food, great whiskey and great staff. You can't beat it!Awesome authentic Texas BBQ right here in Calgary! Brisket was as good as it gets. Come hungry...food is similar to the Palimino ( i think the stole the cook from there), but its much classier and nicer inside then the palimino. Wait staff is decently attentive. whisky selection is exquisite.This is a true whisky bar  but the meat was covered in salt and pepper and that was all you tasted not a good experience won't go backM-E-A-T. ALL THE MEEEAT. Seriously though, this place brings out your inner carnivore. You might not even think you have an inner raging meat eating barbarian inside of you until the server places in front of you a generous spread of briskets, sausages, chicken, cornbread and ribs.... Then you'll know. 

So, let's get down to the specifics of this deliciousness I speak of, shall we? 

Inside is pretty cool they have long communal benches but also separate tables, the lighting makes you feel warm and cozy and so does the BBQ aroma that hits you when you walk in. The music has been a mix of classic rock and current which jives perfectly with the atmosphere.
I only ever order one drink here, and it's called the green sleeve. It is a gin based cocktail that resembles a mojito to me. It is refreshing and delicious.

Now on to the main attraction, I know that's why you read all the crap before anyways... Ready? 

EVERYTHING IS AMAZING. The cornbread comes with this sweet whipped honey butter, the brisket melts in your mouth, the chicken is so dang juicy you can just eat and eat and eat. 

Want to know the best thing of all? After 10PM all the delicious succulent meat is 50% off. Whaaat? Yes. INDULGE friends. Be the primitive version of yourself and enjoy the feast!I love Hayden Block's a la carte setup: meats are priced per the half pound or unit, basic sides $4 each and bigger sides are priced per tray. This set up is great for trying multiple items in a shared group.

On a visit with myself and one other person, we ordered a 1/2 lb each of the beef brisket and pork spare ribs, smoked wings bacon wrapped corn, green beans and deep fried pickles. As well, we paid the $1 upcharge for the cornbread with honey butter rather than the free white bread. For $54 total, this was a generous amount of food for two people with big appetites and could have easily fed three people. The meats were all tender and delicious with a lovely smoked flavour. Of the sides, the bacon wrapped corn and the green beans (which come topped with bacon and fried onions) were particularly delicious.   

The restaurant is small, but with big picnic bench style seating, they can host a large number of people. I appreciate that, rather than coating the meats in BBQ in the kitchen, a selection of housemade sauces are offered on the table including a house blend, espresso blend and carolina vinegar.I'm writing this review as someone who doesn't eat meat. 
The secret is out about Hayden Block! You're going to have to wait for a seat nearly every evening, but especially Thursday-Saturday. I've heard there's a 10 pm meat rush for the half priced deal. 
Happy hour is an excellent value especially on the whiskey cocktails. Come early in warm months and see if you can get a spot on the back patio, or the front patio if you prefer to watch the bustle of Kensington go past. It's easily the busiest spot in the neighbourhood and it can get loud inside. I like a seat at the bar for a snack and a drink in winter. 
There are some delicious non meat options: $1 jalapeño cornbread is amazing, the queso and chips is pricy but SO GOOD, the mac and cheese is solid (get it without bacon on top obvs), and the watermelon salad is totally decent. 
My only hope is that they eventually start smoking salmon for us pescatarians.Its about time a real bbq opened in Calgary. Great food, cold beer and fantastic service. What else can you ask for. Brisket melts in your mouth, Turkey is very juicy and flavourful, hotlinks were the perfect mixture of hot and tasty. Good Job Hayden Block!Came here for an informal little yelper meet up and met some very cool people and had some very cool whiskey cocktails. Amanda v. Ordered the vodka sweet tea, as she was stirring her drink a fine gentleman Ian (might possibly be know as Ron Swanson) came over and asked if she liked it. Amanda felt the bitters were to strong for her, he promptly went over and made her a drink without the bitters and she loved it. Thanks again Ian for making sure the picky love of my life enjoyed her drink. Now the food...WOW we had some spare ribs and they were amazing, very juicy super tender and fall off the bone. Because this was a small yelp meet we got a tour to see the smoker and all the hard working kitchen staff putting the great food out. I will return! I must try some MOAR!!! Thanks to our waitress also, I didn't get her name but she kept track of way to much for a mortal! Great job all around! Thanks Dale for the invite.This is like the best smoked/BBQ meat I've had in this city.  

Went with a few friends on a Friday night.  Service was great, all of the meat choices were succulent and flavorful.  The mac n' cheese is a bit on the cheesy side, but I also liked how it was done.  I'm not a whiskey drinker so I cannot comment on that department, but their beer choice is plentiful. 

Definitely will be going back.Being from Texas, I know my BBQ. Hayden Block does delivers on that account! I've tried most of the meats here now, and I have a hard time picking my favorite. Everything is smoked impeccably, has a great flavor, and is so juicy. If you're not feeling very adventurous, try the wings. They have a golden brown crispy skin that crunches when you bite into it them in the best way possible. If you want to try some true Texas BBQ, go for the brisket. Slow cooked to keep that moisture in, one bite and you'll fall in love with it. It's so tender and flavorful, you don't even need the sauces they have, but they make the meat even better! 

Now that spring and summer is headed our way, the patios are back out too! A small one in the front and the back that lets you get the sun we need up here in the Great White North. The interior has that southern feel to it. All wood and metal. I really like it. 

I'm going to enjoy going back to this spot over and over!Absolutely amazing. Their side dishes and their meats are mouthwatering. 
Their slow cooked ribs are the best in town. Its a busy place so when you go with a big group its harder to find a table.  We actually waited for almost an hour to get a table. But because of the food no complain, it was all worth it. Their servers are superb, very accommodating. 
Highly Recommended place for bbq lovers. You will not regret the wait.Best BBQ in Calgary combined with a great atmosphere for a night out. I've had a chance to enjoy the beef brisket, pulled pork and chicken wings, all were some of the best BBQ I've ever had. Recommend the house BBQ sauce. 

It has been really busy each time I've been to Hayden Block; however, there has always been a table available and the service was prompt/friendly.

Will definitely be back and will also be recommending to friends.Very impressed with their food, especially the briskets. And the whiskey selection here is exceptional! And the ambience is truly shabby chic!Came to Calgary without much of a plan and started searching places to eat close to downtown. I'm so glad we gave this spot a shot! 
Jordan was our server who looked out for us from the second we walked in and he saw us waiting for space at the bar. He offered his suggestions, checked in on us and was such a gem! 
The smoked chicken wings were truly the best wings I've ever had. The maple ice cream was amazing. Amazing. Stop by for sure! You might have to wait, but it was worth it.Nice to see the old yardhouse space refreshed. This spot is promising but needs a few tweaks. 

Ordered cocktails and they came promptly. Between two of us we tried the following during the meal: 
Raisin rummy - easy to drink, vanilla notes, incredible aroma.

Old Besse - spicy with Ginger, fruity.
Black walnut Manhattan - my fave of the four, sweet aroma, medium bodied sipping cocktail. So much flavor.
Vonnegut - spicy, citrus, delicious.
Cocktails here are great and having been to parlor in the area I'd say this place is going to them a run for their money.

Food was pretty good but the prices here are all over the map. You can add cornbread to any order for $1.00 and it's delicious and muffin sized. For an appy we ordered the hush puppies which were $12.00 and classified under the "Trays" section of the menu. When they came out they were on a tray but in the tiniest basket and we got 8. We asked our waitress before we ate them if we had actually received what we thought we had ordered and asked if it was actually $12.00 and the waitress said yes. 

We saw a tray of chicken wings go out and there had to have been at least 10 wings on the tray and that was only $1.00 more than the hush puppies.

We also got the pulled chicken sandwich $10.00, and the 1/2 pound pulled pork $10, and the broccoli salad $4.00. All of that seemed a reasonable price to pay. Service was good but for the reaction to our question about the appy. 

We also saw the chips and queso head to another table and I'm pretty sure the menu had that listed as $13.00. I would say for what I saw that also seemed very overpriced.

Place has potential but it's getting a 3/5 for the major pricing issues on the menu. I'm hesitant to order anything else from the Trays menu. You'd be fine though if you ordered meat and sides and corn bread.So here's the deal with HB: atmosphere? Great! Food? Spectacular! Service? WTF! I have been in the service industry in Calgary for many years and to date, this has to be one of the most pretentious and inconsistent services around. We have never had a manager treat or speak to us so poorly nor had servers roll their eyes when we order more drinks...is that not what you want? Oh - I'm sorry for bothering you to add to your tips for the evening...I recommend this place for the location and food only. If you go, I hope you are lucky to have better service than we have had - the only reason we keep going back is the food.I'm not a huge fan of brisket, but this will knock your socks off! Smoked for 16 hours, and extremely tender, and flavourful!Cocktails are not of the sweetest kind but still great! Great selection of whiskey and Ben who I think is the owner was friendly and interactive!! Service was great, I'm sorry forgot the name of the server!!Only thing I didn't like was noise level! But all was great!! Thanks Dale for the invite! Love exploring new places!Tried a sampling of the meats and sides. The brisket is out of this world delicious. I could eat my weight in burnt ends. The Mac & Cheese and Jalapeño Cornbread were great!

The Old-Fashioned was the best I've ever had. 

Camped the Peach Cobbler and Pecan Pie for dessert - both tasted exactly like they do down south in the USA.In from Texas where I can eat Barbecue everyday. What to have for supper tonight?  Well, after reading some reviews we settled here. I sat at the bar.  Whiskey heaven. The gentleman next to me was enjoying a half beef rib, daily soup.

Being spoiled on Brisket and looking at a few pics and then live plates, the brisket just didn't look right.  The rib though, oh boy. Coming from Texas and thinking I'd be happy with the brisket, I'd be fooling myself. 

I went for the rib.  Change it up albeit. Yes, the soup of the day and 1 piece of cornbread. The rib was good to great. A little peppery but not too much. Plenty of meat to share with the pepper. Moist.

The soup, vegetable. I've never had a better vegetable soup.  They have to use beef stock. 

Cornbread.  Well, its cornbread. $1 for a piece.  Eh, definitely a money maker.  Then to charge $0.50 for the honey butter........ serious?!

I had a local brew.  Goat something. Pretty darn good. 

In the end, I was full.  I'd definitely return.Folks. I've had a lot of BBQ in my life. I do a lot of low and slow myself at home and consider myself an above average amateur. And I've had the pro stuff: all over Calgary and in the southern US as well. Let me say this, without a doubt, that this is the best BBQ I've ever had. Best in Calgary for sure. 

Specifics. Place is jammed at night, but not at lunch. Turkey is the bombest! Short rib is right next to it. Right behind is the brisket. And chips & queso.

Did not super enjoy the porks: pulled and ribs. They were dry for my taste. Sides are all good though. 

Sauces are grteat but I eat my BBQ without sauce here. They do not oversmoke so you can enjoy it on its own. 

The owner is awesome. Goes to all the tables and shows he cares. He loves his food, he loves his staff and he loves his patrons. And of course he sports a beard - as do 75% of the guys there!

Run, don't walk, to Hayden Block!Loving this place right now!!! Amazing BBQ, Delicious cocktails, two patios, and wicked vibe.  They have a really good happy hour weekdays from 3-6 with half price whiskey.  In my opinion the best place in Kensington. Gotta get the brisket and the dry rub chicken wings.  I heard 4 people yesterday say they were the best wings they have ever had.  If you like BBQ and whiskey this is your jam.  Lots to love besides that as well.Food was served fast and lots of it for the price.  Drinks and food were well priced and the selection for drinks was plentiful.  The pulled pork sandwich and salt and pepper wings are winners!I've been to Hayden block twice and both times I was disappointed in the service and the food. I usually give a restaurant more than 1 chance before I write a 1 star review. I really wanted to like Hayden block but I don't see myself going back a 3rd time, I can say I enjoyed the mac and cheese but thats about it. The cornbread was just so dry, I let the server know and she said thats how its supposed to be, little did she know I've been eating cornbread since I was a child and I know when its good or bad. And it was just bad. It was pretty hard to get her attention when we needed refills of water or when we wanted to get the bill.Went here for a family styled dinner, ordered 
Brisket, pulled pork, macaroni salad, smoked stack corn, cornbread, honey butter,
watermelon and mint salad (mango was under-ripe) with feta. Loved all of it. Great food and a wide selection of whiskeys and bourbons. This is the 2nd time I've been here and it was great food!Went here for lunch.
Killer drink menu.
We shared the beef bone, pork ribs, brisket, mac and cheese, rib ends and hush puppies.
I really liked everything except the rib ends they were not very good, no smoke flavor, well not much flavor at all.
Service was very good at first until I had to wait forever for our food while people around us which ordered after us were eating.
This angers me greatly !!! 
Kinda ruined it for me.
Probably would not return due to pricey menu and aggravating service issue for us.The meat is soooo good. Get the pickles! The brisket was our favourite. Also the espresso BBQ sauce is a beverage. 
I think the only critique I have is that the server wasn't very knowledgeable about the different whiskeys.Classic, southern type of bar with a 90s cowboy vibe, with a taste of Westworld. Always appreciated the 1/2 price off for smoked meats after 10pm (you have to buy a drink along with this deal). Only had one experience when the meat was way too dry. Smoke rings are visible on the meat. Another plus is the wide assortment of whiskeys, bourbon and scotch. For late night cravings, this place does satisfy in terms of quantity, flavour and price. Thumbs up for service.
Recommendations: Brisket, beef short ribs
                              Smokey Old Fashioned Cocktail.Full disclosure, I have only been here after 9 pm for their last call meats; where their meats are 50% off! Absolutely the best time to go for their food. 

We had a bit of everything - brisket, sausages and pulled pork. We also had some of their sides, including the cornbread and fried pickles. The meats are pretty amazing though! Everything is well flavoured, smokey and juicy. In particular, the brisket is to die for. It has a nice tasty edge and is juicy and smokey. So delicious! 

Drinks were also very good! My favourite is the Tennesse mule, which I hardly ever see served! Delicious. 

Servers were friendly, but a little overworked and therefore hard to catch. They also often forgot our waters, but were clearly running around busy. They were otherwise very knowledgeable and friendly. 

In terms of seating, there is plenty of benches and tables. You may have to share a table with strangers, but it's all good. In the evenings, this place does fill up quickly, so there may be a wait. Unfortunately, there isn't really a waiting area, as they've made use of all their space for seating.The three sauces are excellent. The beans and the potato salad are good. The sausage and the pork ribs bore, conservatively, a month's ration of salt. Honestly, the salt content was borderline lethal. (Maybe the pit master is a heavy smoker, for his taste buds appear completely shot.) Two friendly staff said the turkey is the way to go. I liked the people, so I'll be back for the turkey.Excellent bbq place! Just like Texas. Is worth to wait. Food and service was excellentWe love this place.  After frequenting many bbq spots in the Southern USA, we may be connoisseurs of fine bbq.     We have been here 4x since it opened and will continue to go back.  

Why it's great?

1. made from scratch meats
2. great (southern sides) ie. mac and cheese, corn bread
3. half price meats after 10pm
4. solid cocktail selection
5. TV's everywhere to keep on top of your sports
6. communal seating, so be friendly!Well what can I say.  Great place for anything meat or whisky.  Great friendly and attentive staff.  If you're a vegetarian and looking to convert to meat eating, one bite of the brisket should do the trick.  Just out of this world.  They also offer great deals on certain days like Wednesday when their smoked chicken wings are 1/2 off.  Pretty much moved into the neighbourhood just to be close to this great place!Delicious BBQ, it's one of Hubs favourite places so whenever the BBQ craving hits this is where we go. Very reasonably priced and I always leave stuffed. The items are great for sharing and I recommend getting a few different things, usually, 2 types of meat and a few sides with some cornbread hits the spot for us. The meat is tender and delicious, you can taste the time and effort that went into cooking it, then I smother it in the house made BBQ sauce (Espresso is my favourite) and you've got yourself one delicious meal.Super yummy and affordable! I had a bad experience with brisket and didn't try it and I kicked myself after! My friend got it and it was melt in your mouth delicious. Also got smoked wings and ribs, potatoes salad, bacon wrapped corn, and corn on the cob (between my boyfriend and I) and it was really really good. $40 meal with no alcohol! Will be back :)Cold ass beer and brisket that'll make you wanna slap yo mama. That is all. What else can I say? Oh yeah, the whiskey selection is choice and the meats are half price after 10pm.This food is out of this world. I have had brisket all over the place and this is by far the best brisket it's cooked perfectly nice and tender it's not overcooked so that it falls apart into string it is amazing a barbecue sauces are great fantastic and wonderful. The sides perfectly priced all of the proportions are right on the money the bacon wrapped corn amazing. Their selection of bourbon as the name would suggest his incredible this place is ridiculously good and I will obviously be back here in the future prices are perfectly reasonable for the portion size while it is a little bit loud if you want to go out with some friends this is the place to go loved it loved every minute check this place out immediately.Love BBQ and smokehouse food, so this place was a must try. Sadly, I wasn't impressed. It took over an hour for our order to arrive. Granted, the place was busy, but we waited and waited. After about 45 minutes the server came by to say, "Your food should be out shortly." The food was good, but overpriced for the portion size. Be especially careful ordering sides and platters, because you may receive a portion size smaller than you expect.

The meat was flavourful and smoked expertly. Our waitress was pleasant, but largely absent.

Also, this place is loud. We could hardly hear ourselves talk. One member of our party was hard of hearing and for that individual, this place was a total bust.

It seems like a trendy place, but honestly, I don't expect it'll last more than a couple of years. Way over-priced. Way too loud. Service leaves a lot to be desired.Mmmm. Delicious Austin style Bbq in Kensignton! This is an excellent place to get your protein fix, especially after 10pm when it's half price!  Great staff as well!  Kudos to Alix, Ben, Ian, Tanner, Addison, Patty, Jessie, Carly and the others whose names I forgot!Used to love this place.  But the food and service has gone steadily down hill.  

BBQ is now dried out and tough with little smoke flavor.  I think their 1/2 price hours have made them skimp on smoking time and they are serving pretty sad excuse for Texas bbq now.

Staff is rude and made it clear we weren't welcome/didn't want to seat us.  Made rude comments when we ordered.  Made me so uncomfortable I decided to leave before I had finished.  Refused to give me a box for my food.  Refused to bring me my check while trying to make me order a second drink.  When I said I just want to leave was boxed in by a manager who lectured me as well.This whiskey bar is a perfect place for meat lovers. They have many barbecue meats and good taste whiskey cocktails. I suggest their beef briskets and whiskeys. And if you come after 10pm, they will have midnight discount, all the meat will be half priced!Great food! The atmosphere is amazing. I left very satisifed with the food. Went on extremely busy night so the service was a bit slow, which is expected. If you want good BBQ in YYC check out this place.Broccoli salad was a nice healthy option. The meat though is what you'd be here for.  We tried the brisket, pulled pork, turkey breast, the links/sausage - my fav was brisket - great flavour and moist, then turkey - great flavour, lean; the links/sausage and finally pulled pork which were a little dry. Pair that with a nice savoury Caesar & the meal is accompanied well.  Great atmosphere - we were in the smaller quieter room. Friendly staff. Definitely would recommend this place for the brisket.This place has a cool, backyard BBQ feel to it - bench style seating, string lighting and food dished out in trays.

You have your choice of smoked meats from pork to chicken, and a variety of sides that pretty much cover anything your heart may desire. In my case - broccoli salad and green beans to accompany my deep fried pickles and wings. (All very tasty BTW!)

Although I didn't drink, I kinda wished I had since they have a really diverse whiskey menu. I've been on the search for a really good whiskey sour, and this seems like the place to get one! 

The have 1/2 price meats after 10PM, which seems like the perfect time to have 2nd dinner and a (whiskey) nightcap :)This place is in the old location that was once occupied by Yardhouse.  It has been revamped into a much more hipster and cool BBQ and whiskey joint.  They take both elements seriously.
  I tried two whiskey cocktails and enjoyed both. The mixology for each drink involved multiple elements that came together to make for some fun drinks.  You can tell care and craft went into their making.
  I tried way too many things. Seriously. Criminal almost.  Some were shared though. I'm not lying.
  The hush puppies are a must order. The honey butter takes them over the top to crazy delicious land.
 The queso dip should be consumed quickly. Not my fav item.
 The corn bread is spicy jalapeño deliciousness but not crazy hot. But I like spice.
 The brisket was super tender and my fav BBQ sauce was the house followed by espresso. The other was a little too much vinegar. But you got to try them all.
  The Broccoli salad was crispy and featured lots of bacon. Nice "light" side-lol 
All in all, a more than solid  BBQ meal and enough happy belly moments to require another visit:)Loved this place.  The meat was right on par with eating plates in Texas. Get the brisket,  yum! On top of that their custom cocktails are extremely tasty. I would highly recommend the Manhattan. It has that perfect bite with a bit of sweet. They also have a huge  selection of whiskey too. Very friendly staff and made me feel welcome.If you want to have some amazingly cooked and smoked meats you have to eat here! I took my 79 year old father who is a meat lover and he said he thought the meat was some of the best he's ever had!! Service was great.   Sides and appetizers were also very tastey.   I highly recommend this place.  Ambiance was good too.Go after 10 and get a double order of brisket if they have any left - awesome BBQ and WhiskeyWalked in on a Tuesday around 5:30pm to meet a buddy. It wasn't very loud and there were TV screens with sports on. It got louder as the evening went on and the place filled up. The atmosphere is relaxed and the selection of whiskey is fantastic!

We ordered frito pie to start which is Frito corn chips with pulled pork and rib meat, beans and sauce. It was deelish and a hearty meal for one person!

I had the beef short rib with bacon wrapped corn on the cob and my friend had brisket with potato salad. My rib was huge!  Clearly dinosaurs are still roaming the badlands and being slaughtered n smoked for our pleasure  the photo does not do it justice but it took me 2 meals to finish. The brisket was so moist n tender and my corn was nicely done although would have liked if the bacon had a seared crispiness. It was mostly chewy. The potato salad was average. 

If you love smoked, tender meat, come here! I will return to try other menu items like chicken and pulled pork. We had an amazing, unrushed time and   so happy that we've found a place that does meat right!!!One of my new favourite places! Great location, service, beer selection and food! It's a very casual relaxed place to go watch a game, but FYI they don't take reservations.The food was excellent. I would say Hayden Block Smoke & Whiskey is one of the best barbecue joints in Calgary. I love how the place is set up; a little bit of outside seating and inside had long wooden tables with long benches.. Had a old western vibe to it which I personally enjoyed.

I came here with a group of friends (there was a total of 5 of us) and we ended up ordering almost one of everything. It was great, that way you can try everything and see what you do and don't like. At the end after splitting the bill between the 5 of us, it came up to be only $30 each.. And we were stuffed. We struggled to finish everything that we ordered.. the meat sweats were tooooo real. BUT the best sweats are meat sweats (am i right)

I highly recommend ordering the corn bread, hot links, watermelon & mint salad, and the pulled pork.

They also have happy hour starting at 10PM to close which is a great deal.. HALF OFF barbecue until they run out. Which is a steal! Even if you can't take out. Makes sense though why they don't allow that.

If you eat the corn bread and hot link together .. it tastes like a corn dog.
It's amazing.

The service was great .. the selection of Whiskey is HUUUGE. Great barbecue.

I will definitely be back soon! I enjoyed every second of the experience.Here's the deal. The food is excellent. It's the best BBQ in Calgary. The 50% off meats after 10:00pm is excellent. BUT there is a big glaring problem and this latest time I went (June 12) it bothered me enough that I just didn't leave a tip. It is the rule that you aren't allowed to take that discounted food to go if you don't finish it all at the restaurant. There are several reasons this is a major problem that prompted me to write my very first restaurant review:

1. The rule is not advertised anywhere. It's not up on the wall. It's not in the menu. A first-time visitor would discover this only at the end of their meal when they've decided they can't finish all of their ribs. The customer will ask for a box like they would at any other restaurant and then be told they're not allowed to take it out. I don't think that new customer would appreciate that.

2. The rule is applied inconsistently. I've been to Hayden Block enough times to know that some servers bring to-go boxes without hesitating. And then there are others who follow the rule. So which is it!?

3. The reason I was given for the rule was because people were taking advantage of the 50% off discount. I guess they were ordering food to stay and then boxing it up within minutes to go home. That doesn't make sense. There's already another rule that requires customers to buy a drink in order to get that deal. I should add that rule ALSO isn't written anywhere and it has been inconsistently applied. So if I'm required to buy a drink in order to have the meat at 50% off, then it's pretty obvious I'm not going to just take the food to go.

4. It's a total waste of food. We asked a guy who looked like a manager what they're going to do with the food. He straight up said it would be thrown out. He wouldn't budge on bringing us a to-go box so we conceded. Then he just picked up the tray and took it to the back. What restaurant would just allow food to be wasted? That's literally throwing money in the trash. So I, as a customer, don't get to keep the product I pay for and the fine meat that was used is just thrown away. And now my girlfriend is actually considering never going again. That's a hit on your business. Imagine we were first time customers. That's one and done.

I'd like to say again I did not leave a tip this time to really drive the point home. The server claimed too many people were taking advantage of the rule. I don't even know what that means. Again, I'm assuming they don't like that people aren't staying to buy drinks or more food or whatever. But for my girlfriend and myself, this time we bought a drink, we bought sides and we sat in the restaurant for 45 minutes to an hour. The server came around multiple times to check on us so she should've known we weren't there to cheat the system. 

It's just disappointing. I've been there multiple times after 10:00 and paid full price to take food to-go. That's how much I love the food. But this rule about not being allowed to take leftovers home sucks and I hope you really think about changing it.The drinks and food here were awesome. Ordered the pulled pork, best I've had in the city. There's an entire menu just for whiskey, so if you're a whiskey drinker this is the place for you. They also had a selection of BBQ sauces to add to your meal, tried a bit of all of them and they were all very tasty. The portions for the food are quite large so go with an empty stomach!Wonderful food and amazing atmosphere. We had the brisket, smokehouse corn, and broccoli salad. Service was also excellent.Excellent service & food! Bonus: 1/2 price protein after 10:00 pm! Very attentive service at the bar.Have been following Hayden blocked on Instagram. I live two hours out of Calgary and when I come to Calgary I love trying different food. The food here was really good. We had pork ribs brisket links broccoli slaw baked beans green beansAnd the barbeque sauces. My favourite was the espresso and vinegar sauce is mixed together. The house barbeque had way too much Coumadin for me to enjoy as did the big being and the barbeque sauces. My favourite was the espresso and vinegar sauce is mixed together. The house barbeque had way too much cumin for me to enjoy as did the baked beans. The brisket had a good smoke ring, smoke flavor, and bark. Green beans were perfect. Broccoli slaw was surprisingly very delicious nice vinegar tightness. The pork ribs were very tender but little smoke flavor. Will definitely be returningGreat place to get some authentic smoked meats. They also make their own BBQ sauce which is very good. If you're there after 10pm all meat is 1/2 price.This is definitely a staple for Kensington, and with their 50% off meat after 10pm, it's hard not to be a frequent customer. 

That being said, I would love some experimentation with the menu. I think I've gone through most of what they have to offer, and the variety at the moment isn't huge. On the other hand, their whisky and cocktail menu is so extensive that there is no shortage of drinks to try. 

What saves this place for me is the service. The owner is personable, interested in what you have to say, and above all, welcoming. 

As someone who eats here fairly regularly (either for lunch or late at night), I would love to see some menu items that experimented with smoked meat as an incorporated ingredient. All-in-all, Hayden Block has steadily become the go-to hangout place for me and my friends when we're in Kensington. 

(P.S. Try the Espresso BBQ sauce! Buy a bottle for home! IMO it's miles ahead of their other two.)It definitely misses the mark on being "Authentic Texas BBQ". 
I had just returned from Texas for the umpteenth time when I tried Hayden Block so it was the perfect time for a fair comparison and unfortunately it just doesn't compare to the real thing. The brisket was just ok (it was overdone and dry the night we were there), pork and ribs were decent. The beans were blah and the coleslaw has a vinaigrette dressing - I have never been to a Texas BBQ joint that served coleslaw with anything other than a creamy dressing. And finally, in order to keep things just as I would in Texas, I ordered their house made sweet tea (non-alcoholic) - this was the absolute worst. It was full of lemon and barely sweet at all. So disappointing.
The service was really terrible, but my husband had warned me about that so I went in with the bar set pretty low and believe me, they didn't exceed it even though it wasn't busy and there seemed to be quite a few staff around.
The space is really nice (I hate communal tables but that's just me) and I'll probably give them one more try to at least try the creamed corn, but they have a long way to go to be "Authentic Texas BBQ".A great place to take a big eater. I've taken my son and two grandsons there and all enjoyed it immensely. Love the smoked drinker with the giant ice cubes... how to feel like a Southern millionaire 101! Will be back with the hubby soon. He's not a big eater so I might have to help more next time.Before we even tried it I was convinced I was going to love Hayden Block (whisky and brisket being two of my favourite things), and it didn't disappoint! We had a lovely time sitting on the patio for Happy Hour (1/2 price whisky and cheaper cocktails). The service was great, very quick and friendly! Our food was delicious - the highlights for us were the smokestack corn (like a hybrid of corn and mac & cheese - so good), the whisky sour cocktail, and the "espresso" BBQ sauce. We want to go back another day and taste more of their amazing whisky menu!Deep fried pickles were great, as is the beer menu. However, Mac and cheese came out pretty cold even after we sent it back. Then as I took a sip of beer, the bottom fell out of my glass, covering me in beer. Vanessa, our server, was absolutely fantastic in dealing with it though and went the extra mile to make up for it! Thanks Vanessa, you are great!Half price on all meats after 10 PM! We had the brisket, pulled pork and the ribs and they were all fantastic. The brisket was especially tasty and moist, the best I've had anywhere in Calgary. You would think at 10 PM that the meats would be leftovers from earlier and be a bit dried out and cold but everything that arrived at the table was hot and fresh. The also make a great Whiskey Smash! A+First time there and it was a great experience! We went after 10pm for the half off on meats. We had the beef brisket, pulled pork and pork ribs. And at a fantastic deal like that, it was awesome! We got too many items which left it dry in the end so eat fast! There was some pickled cucumbers, onion and pepper that was added to the platter which I thought was just a soggy addition to the platter but once I tried it I thought it was a good addition, just wished there was more! Over all a solid experience. Will come again!I don't often eat meat but today, I did so with delight - when I went for lunch with friends.  I enjoyed every bite of meat (which is pretty good for a girl who doesn't prefer meat at all) - the pulled pork, pickles, both beet and broccoli salads and the chips and queso.  I got to try the turkey and brisket off my friends trays- super delicious.  Loved the smoked meat, prefer that preparation over being hidden or slathered in any sauce- but have house sauces there if you wish.  Our server was very attentive and lovely.  The owner even popped by to give me the best news- this place is kid friendly!! I can bring my crazy carnivorous, 7 and 10 year old boys here!!  Yay!!!  Kensington is really becoming a destination for neat restaurants, so happy (and helps I live up the hill!).Awesome place great staff great food great neighbourhood.  Would recommend this place!Woooow the best BBQ place in Calgary so far! Worth the wait. Excellent food and service. And the beer is fantastically chilledOkay food. But meat tasted off after a few minutes. The mac and cheese was the highlight of the night for me. The wings were very dry and hard to bite into. Only sauce worth using is the espresso. The other two had too much of a vinager/acidic taste to it. Didn't try anything else. I'll give this place 6 months until I go back, it's new so it does take time to get the hang of things.Smoke & Whiskey - yup, that sums it up alright. BBQ and Whiskey -  Hayden Block picked the two best things on the planet, two things that Calgary wasn't even unfamiliar with, and then they taught us that we had no idea what we were missing. Where have you been my whole life?

*Smoke.*
Through a quick conversation with Calgary yelper, MJ L., she told me that she's been looking for a BBQ place that doesn't "hide their meat under the mop" or in a way that I wouldn't immediately understand - bury it in BBQ sauce. For me, Hayden block is that kind of BBQ. I ordered the pulled pork. Each of the meats clock in at around $10 - $12 for a half pound and are served on a tray, in a pile along with some pickles and whatever side you happened to order. In this case I wen with the broccoli salad which showed up in a cute, red and white checker print paper tray next to the half pound pie of pork. While they've got three spectacular BBQ sauces in the middle of the table, House BBQ, Spicy Vinegar, and Espresso, I found that the meat was so deliciously complex on its own that I didn't want to mask it's wood smoke flavours with any kind of sauce, no matter how good. What kind of mind games are you playing with me, Hayden Block? You give me BBQ sauces unlike anything I've ever set my tongue upon, and then you give me BBQ so good I don't even want to touch it. You're messing with my emotions and you know it!

*Whiskey*
I think Calgary finally has a whiskey bar! There are others in town, sure, but I haven't seen any menus that have really encouraged me to dive in and drink straight whiskey that I've never tried in the same way that Hayden Block's does. They have whiskies from around the globe, listed by country but all on the same page. I like this because it makes it really easy to globe trot in the way of whiskey (or whiskey). Canada was fun, let's head on south to the states, time to hop across the pond to Scotland and then all the way out east to see what the Japanese have been up to. I stuck to cocktails this time around, but I'm really looking forward to going on a world whiskey tour. With a 1/2 price whiskey happy hour, how could you not?

*Sides*
They've got communal seating which makes for a social atmosphere. See a group of two sitting at a table for six? Just go on over, introduce yourself and take a seat.

TVs - There's a lot of them. Seriously Calgary, can we please get over the need to have a line of giant TVs lined up next to each other playing the same damn thing? How awesome your bar is is not directly proportionate to the number of TVs you have. It's not impressive, can we please knock this off? I understand full well at this time of year it doesn't matter if you're a sports bar or not, the NHL playoffs have to be on - but does having whatever random news channel on mute really add to anyone's social whiskey drink experience? Maybe when there's nothing of importance on, these could be utilized for something cool that adds to the experience.

The cocktails were damn exceptional... Most of the time. There's so many bartenders back there, and being new, there's still some serious inconsistencies. Order it once  and it's bold, whiskey forward with a big punch of spicy pepper. Order it a second time and it's mild, sweet, and even comes with a sugar rim. I'm sure it was the same ingredients, but these were two very different drinks. I hope this get worked out over the upcoming months, because Hayden block has the potential to be a quality cocktail bar to boot.I liked the feel of the place but a rather unfriendly waitress and so so food only made me give it a three. 
We had to stop her several times to ask about the menu as it had no descriptions.Fantastic food, service, and the price is right. I was looking for something different than pizza or burgers for dinner. I was running on little sleep too, so something quick and easy was needed. 
My family found a great outdoor back patio table, ordered quickly, and enjoyed the delicious food. The BBQ food is smoked for many hours, and we ordered pork spare ribs and brisket. It fell off the bone, and didn't have much fat or inedible pieces. We ordered the Vonnegut whiskey drink (slightly spicy), the mule (perfect ginger taste), two salads, sides, and corn bread. 
Some of the items on the menu are gluten free (brisket and baked beans, among others). I loved this place and would come back.I liked this restaurant overall, it has a warm vibe and casual atmosphere. The meat was fairly tasty. However the sides were of questionable quality - in my opinion, simple food does not have to be of poor quality. I would come again but strictly for the meat.This is a paradise for meat lovers. They have all sort of bbq, chicken is tender but a little too salty on the skin. Brisket is my favorite as it is tender and a stripe of fat on eat slice. Pork spare ribs is hard to chew. Not order it again. 
For the side, we had broccoli salads which is crispy and fresh tasty. (From a person who didn't eat raw broccoli). Bacon wrapped corn is always best combination for bbq. 
Overall, it's recommended for any group who don't mind LOUD environment.This was an amazing experience. It all started with the manager going out of his way to find out party of six a spot to sit. Service was very attentive and knowledgable. We order some meats, sides and trays to share. It's unfortunate they were out of brisket because based on the other meats I am sure the brisket is also phenomenal. Only thought was the casing on the hot links was pretty tough. 

Turkey Breast- great seasoning and not dried out
Pulled pork - good chew and flavour
Pork ribs - not too tender and great rub
Smoked wings - great
Bacon wrapped corn - awesome
Beet salad - great fresh flavour 
Corn bread - really good (may have been better hot)
Mac and cheese - best any of us have ever had
Deep fried pickles - another hit at the table. 

Do yourself a favour and check this place out great food, great atmosphere and great service.Food was excellent. Super loud but good atmosphere. Had the brisket which was like butter and the green beans were crisp and most enjoyable.I eat a lot of texas bbq.  Found hayden block to be pretty authentic.  Brisket is very tender, smoky and juicy.  House bbq sauce was pretty good too.

Like that they give you wonder bread like in texas.  too bad no pickles and onions and sides are pricey.

also got smoked rib ends.  not much meat and pretty boney.  Very different from what I get in the US.

Would visit again though for 1/2 price late night.I've been here in a group and just in a date and every time we come, it's great. 
Cocktails are a bit pricey compared to the other bars/restaurants on 17th. I get the lemonade and it's $12. But coming during their happy hour which I think is 4--6 for whiskey is such a great deal.
The five of us usually get 1/2 pound of brisket, chicken wings (salt and pepper are awesome.) Mac and cheese, smokestack corn, and the broccoli salad to share. It's definitely more than enough food for the five of us.
We've also gotten to try a newer menu item the "hot mess" which doesn't have a description on the menu so you have to ask. It's a sweet potato with brisket, sour cream, cheese and (I think) green onion. ITS AMAZING. If you are even thinking of trying it, DO IT. 
Coming during their late night happy hour (after 10) is awesome, although you gamble with seating/meats being available. If you can, half price meats with a purchase of a drink (doesn't need to be alcoholic) is great.
The only real negative is that they don't actually have a hostess stand, and sometimes she's doing something else so you end up standing in the doorway, a bit unsure if you need to seat yourself or if there's a waitlist. That can be a bit confusing when it's busy. Sometimes service can be a bit slow but it honestly doesn't put any damper on the overall experience. 
One of our favorite places to go to when people visit!Wow... this place was amazing! Highly recommend! If you are questioning whether to try this place; question no further! You NEED to try it! 

I came to Calgary for vacation and I decided to do some research on some restaurants before I landed. I saw on Pinterest that a few people recommended this place. So we decided to try it out for dinner one night.

BBQ and southern soul food is easily my favorite thing in the world. I was shocked when I had tried their brisket. It was melt in your mouth delicious. Words cannot describe how amazing it actually was! I live in Nevada and we have quite a few good BBQ restaurants but Hayden Block has blown every single one of them away. We loved this place so much we came back the next day for lunch. We had ordered the Brisket, Mac and cheese, corn bread, and the smokehouse corn. Everything we ordered was great. 

The location of this restaurant is perfect because their are all types of shops surrounding the restaurant. The inside of the restaurant is super badass. I wish I had a photo of the inside. Take my word for it because it's super cool. They have so many different types of whisky lined up at the bar and they have the biggest cow skull I have ever seen! You would think you're eating at a BBQ restaurant in Texas!

This place is great! Wish we had one in Vegas!I've been to Hayden Block a few times before, the food and drinks are always spectacular. However after the last visit, I am disappointed with the experience. I went for a friends birthday, group of 12, we all ordered lots of food and drinks (server was great). At the end we asked the manager for some extra plates so that we could share the cake that was brought for him. She bluntly said no, that outside food was not to be permitted and we couldn't have our cake. End of convo. Now being in the industry myself (though I've never had this response before) i understand that there are rules set that are out of our control. But when the birthday boy alone racked up a $400 tab and then to not even offer any kind of alternate accommodation is disappointing to say the least. We promptly paid our bills and enjoyed our cake and some drinks elsewhere.Went in around 9.30 and saw that after 10 meats were half price. That is a great deal. The place has a great ambiance and the service is great. The drink menu is quite extensive. We tried the brisket, the short rib, three cheese mac and cheese and the corn bread. Everything was presented well, but a certain oomph was missing. Not sure if it's the fact that the house sauces were too runny or the brisket was sliced too thick. The mac and cheese was nice, very creamy, but the paper dish kinda killed the vibe.The winner of the night was the short rib. It fell off the bone and was extremely flavourful. The drinks were great and the prices are reasonable. Give it a try!Sit down bbq restaurant. Very nice bbq considering this is not Texas

-Chopped brisket sandwich 8/10
Seasoned, smoked, and juicy. 
Simple meat on bun sandwich 

-Tipsy Texan sandwich 8/10
Pulled pork sandwich on a bed of cucumbers topped w/ sausage, coleslaw and jalapeños
Moist, not too fatty or smoky tasting, could use some more flavor but the 3 bbq sauces to choose from made up for it 

-corn bread 7/10
Good corn bread muffin w/ chunks of corn and sprinkled with thin sliced jalapeños

Note on seating: crowded cafeteria style seating including long picnic tables and tables meant for four but forced to be shared by separate couples of two (king of awkward). 
Loud and crowded around dinner time 

Excellent service. Our waitress was quick on the refills and attentive to our specific food requestsWas invited to try some of their menu items recently with a friend and immediately felt comfortable the moment I walked in. Several long tables are in the main dining area giving this restaurant a homey, good eats type feel. Their menu consists of good old southern style barbecue and smoked meat including sides and small bites.

You can order dishes individually to share or find something on the menu that suits just you. The whiskey menu is extensive and impressive. Beer, wine and cocktails are also available for those who do not like to partake in whiskey.

The servers were friendly and we really enjoyed our time here. Totally left with the #meatsweats (that's a good thing) and planning our return trip soon.

They do not take reservations and allow kids until 8pm.I had an order of pork ribs with a potato salad.  My wife had the brisket with a green bean salad.  The food was excellent, tender and tasty.  My ribs were spicy and delicious.  My wife had "velvet fog" beer.  I tried the beer, and it was cold, smooth, and delicious.  

We had an order of corn biscuits, and my wife felt they were some of the best she has ever had.  There is a large variety of whiskey and mixed beverages.  The service was prompt and courteous. I would definitely go back for more delicious barbecue.Finally! A smokehouse in Calgary and it's good. They offer baby back ribs, pulled pork, brisket and chicken as some of thejr regular meat dishes. These are all slow roasted and fresh. You would swear you're in the heart of Texas when you taste their meat. There are three sauces on the table if you want more spice.
Some of the people in my group had a gluten allergy and the kitchen assured us that one of the sauces was gluten free (along with the meat).
Drinks are novel and interesting. Along with the usual whiskey and beers.
Great tip: come at 10 pm to get meat dishes at half price. They may have run out of some items but they want to clear out the kitchen for the next round of fresh meat to be served the next day.
Their sides were good, especially the beans and coleslaw. The biscuits were a bit dry and the potato salad was not great. Try the deep fried pickles as an appetizer. Yum!! 
Love the banquet-style dining set up. Complaint: very noisy and hard to hear the people at your table. There are two outdoor eating spaces = quieter. I was worried when they opened given the tough economy but they have a great menu, tasty drinks and a pleasant waitstaff.Two patios! One in the front and one "Whiskey Garden" in the backyard. That alone deserves five stars, with the summer just starting. 

But other than that, what makes them stand out from all the other pubs? Whiskey and meat. That's their schtick. To be precise: They offer a long list of different Whiskeys from all over the world, that they happily transfer into a hand-crafted cocktail, if you are not keen on the taste of Whiskey or just really into cocktails. The meat is a Texas-style barbecue, I heard something about "gets smoked for 16 hours". Of course, they also have cold beer on draught and a carefully selected wine list on tap (the Pinot Noir is pretty good).

The interior is nicely done; rustic look, warm lights, very inviting. Lots of wooden, long tables and benches, almost like picnic tables. Good for groups. Service is very friendly and attentive 

Happy hour is Monday to Thursday from 3-6pm; all Whiskey is half price and Whiskey cocktails are $4 off. They do lunch as well.The food is fabulous southern BBQ with large sides that are great for sharing. I've gone for lunch a handful of times.I frikn love this bbq! Whiskey sours too. Great for celiacs. I wouldn't spend too much time and effort on the sides though, I think they are simple, maybe on purpose? It used to be a bar so the bathrooms aren't the best. I went on a Sunday afternoon twice, perfect time to go and no line-up. Great brisket!!!!Great BBQ spot.  After 10pm all meats are half off but just as delicious.  Had the brisket, chicken, sausage it's all deadly really.  Amazing selection of whiskey/bourbons and I really enjoy the community style seating.  Great service and friendly staff.  Highly recommended.Straight up 5 stars, no joke! Awesome place for bbq. I like the variety, consistency, drinks, decor...all of it was amazing. So glad I live close to this place cause it's worth going at least once a month!Tried Hayden's recently and I enjoyed the food. The sliced beef brisket was flavourful. The pork ribs were super tender. I thought the meats were high quality and the cooking process was stellar. The seasoning on the meats were different from your usual Bookers/Palomino joint, but in a good, gourmet sort of way. The cornbread was yummy but the coleslaw I will pass on in the future. It was fine but I enjoyed the meats much, much more. 

Portions are good for the amount they charge. The only issue was I ordered a Banded Peak beer but I'm positive I wasn't served the beer I ordered... Could happen anywhere and I'm sure if I said something, it would have been rectified.The meat here is unreal, the restaurant really puts forward a best effort to make sure the meat is flavourful and tender. This ranks amongst my favourite, if not my absolute favourite in Calgary. The patio in the summer is next level too.The turkey was amazing and the brisket was also really good with just the perfect amount of fat to meat ratio. We had the Mac and cheese and broccoli salad and corn bread. I thought the sides were a bit weak but the meat was on point.Wow best bar que I've had! Great service and the food was very well done. Large family dining affords us the ability to try more things- so my recommendations include the turkey and the pulled pork, the Mac and cheese was good and tasty but nothing amazing. Also the watermelon and mint salad was really good. Green beens and the corn covered and bacon  overall a wonderful experience. This place is also a great great whiskey pub with a wonderful selection! 

Highly recommended.the brisket is to die for! also, you are missing out if you dont get the corn on the cob!With peace and love,

Texas BBQ in Calgary. Who would have thought. I was initially reserved about this idea actually workings in Calgary. I love Texas. The people and the food are something everyone should experience in their lifetime. I'm just not sure Calgary is ready for it; or would understand it. 

Our waitress was less than amazing. I asked her how best to experience this place for the first time. Meat or sandwich? Answer: that depends if you like bread or not. She must be taking an astrophysics degree.

They were out of half the things on the menu. No cornbread should be an offence punishable by 100 lashes. 

Order came out with the wrong side but was fixed promptly. Time to get into things. 

The BBQ sauces were good but I prefer the original. I don't feel that the espresso style sauce really did anything amazing for me. Spicy vinegar wasn't. The original was good stuff. 

Baked beans are first up for flogging. Though I expected things to fall down here, they didn't. This dish comes in a paper bowl because, fuck the environment. Great taste though. Would recommend. 

My partner in from got a macaroni salad side that was like prison food.

Pulled pork sandwich was, in my opinion, a solid 6/10. In Texas things are piled high and this was not. The flavour of the meat was great, but they are certainly liberal on their application of it on the bun. I fundamentally disagree with their bun to coleslaw to meat ratio.

I think in retrospect our waitress really should have leaned towards the 1/2 pound of meat as a start. It would have helped me really have an educated opinion on how well they did things. 

My suggestions. 

1. Pile it high. Texas doesn't fuck around.
2. Find a way to be more environmentally respectful with your side dish packaging. 
3. Remind your staff there are worse things in life working in a BBQ whiskey bar. 

I hope to try this again when they've been around for a few months. I think great things will happen here knowing the group behind this restaurant.Great BBQ. Super tasty.Communal seating. Get to know your neighbours!Espresso bbq sauce now uses Blackbird cold brew coffee. It's even better than before!They have two patios, one in the front and one in the backCold ass beer and brisket that'll make you wanna slap yo mama. That is all.The meat gets smoked for 16 hoursDamn good!!Best Mac n cheese I've ever had in Calgary. A must haveIan, please get rid of the kazoo song! It's driving everyone crazy! Thanks!One of my late night go tos, convenient, cheap and tastyGreat food and drinks. Go after 10pm when the food becomes reasonably priced!Best BBQ I've had in CalgaryThe food was only okay. The alcohol selection was fairly extensive.I have had real texas bbq and this is as close as you will get in calgary.Super yummy!Amazing meat and whiskey! I love this place Food was good, steak cooked nicely, service was a bit schmoozy but okay. The view is great. Pretty pricey. It doesn't warrant more than three stars because the ladies room was an absolute mess. One toilet was out of order, two wastebaskets were overflowing onto the floor with paper towels. I'd expect a McDonald's to have a tidier restroom.Food was good. I always get lamb at fine dinner places. Panna Cotta was amazing.  It was the atmosphere and view that made this 5/5.The calamari starter and my roast beef sandwich with butternut squash soup were tasty and the people I was with enjoyed their dishes as well.  I don't think the food would bring me back again and again, but it was definitely good.

We came at lunch on a weekday and the place was practically empty, but they still managed to seat a party (with little kids, too) on each side of us.  I'm still not sure why some restaurants do that -- seating people within a server's area, ok.  Seating people directly next to one another, why?

I'm happy I went here and would happily go again, but it's not going to be at the top of my mind when deciding where I'd like to go next.This is likely the worst place I have ever dined for the price paid. The service was atrocious and their attitude towards good paying customers was despicable. 

They have an imposed rule that you need to spend 35 dollars, per person, BEFORE wine or drinks. As a female that's a hard mark to meet sometimes. My girlfriend more than met the "quota" once wine was factored in but they wouldn't budge on her having MORE THAN HER two appetizers, she needed to spend $5.00 more dollars, or else. Who treats ladies out for dinner this way?

The food was pretty delicious when we got that figured out, but definitely left a sour taste in our mouths.

The decor is very dated and the rotation spins a little too quickly for anyone who has motion sickness issues.I only really come here with my mother during the teachers convention every year. I've never had a bad experience here, the service has been good every time and it's a unique location, the food is nothing special in my opinion. The only thing that keeps me coming is spending time with my mother.You are paying (at a premium) for the view, not the food or service. Ordered the Alberta Ribeye; I'm guessing that the steak was let to rest longer than it should be because it was barely lukewarm (or my waiter just forgot to bring it out - hopefully the former), and as mentioned in other comments, the mashed potato was cold and really, really dry. I read through the comments before coming here though so I expected this to happen. I'd recommend visiting for once to check it off the bucket list, personally I wouldn't come here a second time because the price cannot justify the quality of food you get.I was very excited to celebrate my husbands 30th Birthday at this restaurant . I had a reservation at 8 pm and I wanted us to enjoy the sunset views . I reserved this almost 1 month in advance  and made a note asking for window facing seating . Once we arrived , the person who received us wasnt friendly , she took us to the table not near the window and you people keep walking around you , felt like I was in some Starbucks cafe  . I requested for a nice seat and also explained its a special occasion I was there for . We were ready to wait but they were not considerate at all . I did see a lot of 4 chair tables with only 2 people seated . They said they will try and see if they can move us if someone left .We got our entree and then almost around 9:30 they offered us a seat change in the middle of our dinner when the entire restaurant was empty and the views weren't good enough . I was very very disappointed and the vibes were bad . The server was good and the food was decent . But the staff is terrible . I would not go back to this place . Please dont go if you want to surprise someone or want to celebrate a special moment .My boyfriend and I came here to celebrate our anniversary. We chose sky 360 because we expected a fine dining experience. We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and were abruptly told to go back up to the observation area and come back in 10 minutes. We were a little put off by that. I've arrived to reservations earlier than 10 minutes during busy times and was accommodated: that's what good customer service is. We went back up to the observation area and assumed they were very busy and couldn't take us 10 minutes early. When we came back down 10 minutes later the hostess was nowhere to be seen. Finally she came back and brought us to our table...the place was empty. I would say it was a 1/4 full, so it was confusing as to why we were told to go away for 10 minutes. Our waitress was incredibly mediocre, and barely came around to our table. We were hoping the food was going to be amazing seeing as the prices were so high. Unfortunately the food was also incredibly mediocre; if I am paying almost $40 for a pasta dish I expect it to blow my mind. It was a disappointing experience all around, and we could of had better food, atmosphere, and service at The Keg.I can appreciate that the Tower is an iconic destination for tourists, but there is a reason locals don't often go, the prices are outrageous.  I don't mind paying for quality, but out experience was less than that. $21 for breakfast which arrived cold, coffee refills had to be asked for, not offered in a timely fashion. Great views and a great way to see the city, but the meal is not the reason you go. Greater quality control is needed.We were celebrating our mother's 80th birthdays. We left with a bill of over 350.00$ and we were still hungry after the dinner.  The Mediterranean chicken was like jerky and the veggies were saturated with lemon juice. The lamb chops were very good but the size was for a small child's appetite. Of course the view is fantastic, but we will never go back there for a special occasion unless the prices match the food portions and quality. The service was very good; however.I give Sky 360 a solid 3-stars.  There are two facts which will help put this rating into perspective:  1) we went for a quick weekday lunch; and 2) It was a very overcast, cloudy day.   I think, based on other reviews, that coming here for an evening dinner on a clear day would be the optimal way to experience this restaurant.

Our meal got off to an awkward start.  Our waiter began by listing the specials for the day, which included a pear and blue cheese veloute soup.  It sounded unique, but his description of it was very negative... "It isn't very flavorful, and it has this strange grainy texture from the pears."  Needless to say - we didn't order it!  I'm not sure how to feel about this - on one hand, I'm quite happy that he was honest in his description, but on the on the other hand, I'm disappointed that there wasn't an exciting new soup to try.

Two people in our group got the lunch special.  For $23, they got a choice of the butternut squash soup or a mixed greens salad followed by a main of either fish & chips, the hamburger or the Tagliatelle.  The butternut squash soup got a thumbs up, as did the fish & chips - neither was out of this world, but both were done right.  The soup was rich and creamy, and the fish & chips were flavorful and had a light crispy batter.  I had the Arugula Salad with Arctic Char.  The salad had roasted beets, feta, and chick peas in it which made it stand out from a 'plain' arugula salad.  The Arctic Char was cooked perfectly and was seared so that the skin was nice and crisp.

The restaurant was extremely quiet, especially compared to many downtown restaurants at lunch hour that serve similar fare at similar prices (especially since you no longer have to pay for the elevator ride up).  If you are looking for somewhere different to go, and don't want to worry about showing up at 11:30 to get a table, Sky 360 would be a solid bet.Beautiful restaurant with a view that can't be beat.  Food is very good with decent portions.  
NOTE TO MGMT: you need a policy for flash photography at night.   A table close to us had a photographer with them and was taking flash photos the entire time. When the flash wasn't in your face, it was reflecting off the glass.  Very distracting :(Loved it! Seriously , a moving floor couple hundred feet up looking out at the whole city while you eat a fancy meal. I had the rabbit dish and loved it. Wife had chicken as always. Food was decent , I've had better, but was expecting it to be a lot pricier due to location and the prestige of it. 

Im a poor folk and quite enjoyed it. First time eating a bunny. Never will forget that experience of slowly revolving around the city. Amazing. And great service. The manager even came by to ensure all was good. 

A++ service. Not snotty either.I went to the 360 restaurant to try their big taste menu in March. It's worth coming to the restaurant just for the view!

The butternut squash soup was a tad bland but it was rich. The lunch burger was thick and tasty. For dessert, I tried the cheesecake. The presentation was excellent. The cake itself was a tad dry. A good dining experience for the reduced price.When you come to a restaurant like the Sky 360, one expects a high quality experience. However, the food had no personality just as the service. 

Bland food, our waitress was a robot who didn't smile, even the ambiance wasn't welcoming and warm. For a tourist location, I get sometimes food isn't the most flavourful but it's vital for a tourist spot to have good service. And this place just doesn't. Pretty disappointed.The view is good, service not bad. but food is bad. Last time I was there, the calamari had no flavor. Last month, my friend and I went again to join a team meeting; we ordered a trout and short ribs. The trout was okay but the vegi and potatoes were super salty we could not finish them. The ribs were a bit dry for me. One of my friends reminded me not to order pasta once she found out I was going ... so ...Instead of paying admission for the Calgary Tower, you should go to this restaurant upstairs, because you do not have to pay any admission fee if you eat at this restaurant. The Alberta beef burger was very tasty, the roast beef sandwich was dry and not very flavorful, and the calamari appetizer was very good. The prices are expensive, but when you get to the tower without an admission fee, the prices are OK after all. The rotating restaurant  was a very nice feature, and we had window seats and really enjoyed the view.Went here with family on August 31st to celebrate a special visit from our cousin who came from Italy :-)  Like many reviewers, the view is wonderful and the ambiance is quite nice too.  This all being said, the meal was a hit or two and many misses.  The full review is coming to a 3--because I am including the location, but for the food, I feel comfortable giving it a 2....sorry folks but of 5 mains and 4 appetizers....the appetizers and only TWO mains came out on top (relatively speaking since two of the appetizers were a cheese board and a meat board).  Given the price point of the mains I have to say, La Ronde in Edmonton is MUCH better in terms of the food, price point included (and it has the view too!).

We ordered the Radiatori pasta, Eggplant Linguine, Seafood Risotto, Beef Tenderloin, and the Halibut.  Of all of these, the Halibut and the Beef were good....I know, you are asking, WHY did you order the pastas?  I didn't :-) others did and happily (since we are all related), I got to have a taste of each.  The risotto didn't have much seafood and was mostly shrimp, the radiatori and linguine were more on the overcooked side and the sauce was too sweet.  The halibut was a bit salty but cooked well and the beef was also quite good and cooked well.
Our appetizers were the Asparagus soup, Mussels, Cheese Board, and Meat Board.  They were all acceptable and we did enjoy them.

We split 2 mousse desserts which were good...  I can now say, "been there, done that".  

In the end, it was about the wonderful company and being together.....Doing the tourist thing and having lunch at Calgary Tower.  Great view of the city.

Ordered spinach and kale salad and roasted beet salads to start and bouillabaisse and stuffed chicken breast mains.

The food was all fresh and tasty and absolutely beautifully presented.  Service was friendly and attentive and Bobby was friendly and helpful.  And the view -  amazing way to see Calgary in an hour!

This place is underrated on Yelp IMHO as a result of super picky reviewers who have down rated this place for reasons completely unrelated to the food or the venue.Very kind and welcoming Staff.  Delicious food.  Amazing View while dining.  One star off for the mark up of price.  recommended.Plainly and simply one of the worst meals I've ever had in this city. We went to celebrate my daughters birthday for lunch and we took one of her friends and were subject to one the worst displays of culinary idiocy ever. The food is overpriced, underwhelming, badly cooked, delivered without any care for the obvious flaws that exist. Fish in batter soggy, pork tacos with burnt (and I mean past over caramelized but cremated) burger with a bun that had sat under the heat lamps for way too long. Seriously disgusting, this place relies on the fact that tourists visit and will likely never return. Trust me this is a Calgarian who will not take visitors there nor celebrate a special event there again.Besides the view there was nothing unique about Sky 360. Yes the staff were great and always filling up our water, offered to take a picture of my wife and I on our anniversary, but that was it. For the price of the food there are better restaurants in town that offer bigger portion sizes and better food. At the end of the day though this is where my wife wanted to eat and a happy wife makes a happy life!Raw potatoes with the short ribs, barely cooked at all and inedible. The other dishes our table ordered were better, but not as good as last year's visit - I recall it being very good at the time. The view is fabulous, but the food and service is just OK.The rating is mostly for the experience. It was a good experience overall. Got to see good views of downtown Calgary. I honestly ate here because I thought it would be a good deal. 

If you buy an entre then they cover the $18 ascension price. However, on hindsight I wish I had just paid the $18 and eaten somewhere else.

Like I said it was a good experience overall. I also actually enjoyed the appetizers. I got the scallop and pork belly, and steamed muscles. They were very good.

My meal however was not so good. Actually the general consensus at my table was that all of our meals were not it. The entree's all consisted of a protein, some starch and then they added a bunch of assorted peppers to fill the plate. Not to mention my fish was really bland. I guess being in the air sort of masked the subpar meal. 

Nonetheless, the overall experience was nice. Just don't expect the most spectacular dining experience.A close friend was visiting from another province and I thought there was no better place to treat them to dinner and a great view of our city than the Sky 360 at the top of the Calgary Tower. My partner and I were picking up the tab and we already knew we were in for a bit of a pricey bill, but expected the food and service to back it up. The view was exceptional and I wish everything else was. 

Our server was polite enough at first, we sat and they asked what we would like to drink, and showed us the wine/beer list. My partner and I don't drink so we declined and asked for water but our friend was glad to have a little something with dinner. We ordered a cheese and meat tray as a shared appetizer while we waited for our mains. The server offered to get us some alcoholic beverages again and we politely insisted we were not interested in alcohol this evening. 

The appetizer plate was nice, but the main meals did not stack up to what I was expecting. The environment and the price on the menu suggested that we were in for a wonderful dinner but we ended up with three different plates of mediocre food presented in a "fancy" fashion. Just because you plate it up pretty, does not mean it is delicious. 

Meanwhile my partner and I felt nothing less than harassed by the server who kept offering us alcohol. I get the first couple of times are pretty standard, but at some point you need to notice that we are not interested, especially if we directly tell you. If we require you to grab us any beverage, we will let you know. No matter how many times we insisted that we were not interested, it only seemed to make them try harder. I understand that they want our bill to be as high as possible so they get a bigger tip, but after the 9th time, NO. I really don't want any wine, THANK YOU. Please stop asking. I have never been so uncomfortable trying to eat dinner. 

Dessert fell even flatter than dinner did. I was appalled at how lazy our desserts were, it looked like two of them were just bought from a Safeway, unpacked, and put on a plate with some chocolate drizzle. 

All and all, very disappointed with the server causing us such discomfort through the whole night and the high price tag with food that did not match up. I do not intend to return to this restaurant again. None of us had an overly pleasant dinner. Great view though.I went to Sky 360 realizing that I would need to pay more for the view. The view was excellent, the service great, the food was horrible. My friend and I ordered the crab cakes and the fish and chips. 

The crab cakes were the worst crab cakes I have ever tasted. I don't think there was actually crab in them. It tasted like mainly bread. It was also overcooked and extremely dry. The fish were two tiny cylinder shapes pieces of fish that had been so overcooked the fish inside was extremely dry. My friend loved the tartar sauce that came with fish. The chips were good, nice and crispy, but some may have found them overcooked.

As mentioned we had GREAT service. Our server was very personable ad made sure we had what we needed. A nearby server also went out of his way to ensure we had all we needed.The food was quite tasty, but the ambiance is just OK - things feel like they're trying to be fancy but are a bit dated.  The service was quite friendly but painfully slow (like, actually painful. It took us hours to get out of there). Views are great if that's what you're looking for, but best suited to smaller parties as things get awkward with larger parties (they tack on another table, which doesn't match the height of the main table and feels in the way).  I had heard the food wasn't great but I was very happy with my meal - it was fresh and delicious.Really good food but if you get motion sickness... do not go here for dinner. Especially don't sit next to the window. It's a hard to stay oriented. :/ Great view though!Not rude but certainly not friendly service. Had to look around for coffee refills more than once. Manager dismissed my comment that food took a long time. Bottled ketchup an uninspired accompaniment to potatoes for $26. One of my poached eggs was missing a yolk. 
All in all nothing special and rather expensive for that experience.This review has really nothing to do with service. Service was really lackluster, not memorable but the waiter was decent and deserved his 15% tip but nothing more.
We booked a table on line for my husband's birthday as we had never been here before and it was close to his office. The restaurant on a Thursday at 1pm was not busy at all.
We learned that the restaurant is open from 11am-2pm, it closes down and reopens for dinner at 5pm. It is open until 9pm typically and then later until 10pm in the summer. 
The restaurant revolves once around in 45 min at lunch and it takes hour to go around at dinner.
Fun little facts that I would be interested in knowing before dining here perhaps!
The view was clear and high up and well, it was Calgary. 
Hubby ordered a burger with fries. I asked and the burger could not be cooked to order. What a shame and a disrespect to the meat but rules are rules! On the heels of that question came out a charred and I mean, burned patty. The fries however were well seasoned, fresh and crispy. That was the only good thing about his dish for a $17 burger meal.
I wanted to eat light so I ordered the Albacore tuna, BIG mistake. I had never had this before and it was ugly. So ugly, yellow/fleshy coloured and they KNEW that too so they had to hide the 'fish' under a bed of frisee lettuce and thinly sliced radishes and onion. I am not that picky of an eater and love all fish but I could not eat this. Who wants to return a dish though during a birthday lunch? My husband said he would choke it down and I ordered the soup, minestrone to replace my meal. I asked and was advised that the soup of the day was in fact made fresh daily. It was pretty good but under-seasoned by a lot and I had to ask for a salt shaker. Ya, a hit to the chef I know. It was what it was and now that I think about it, I was mildly annoyed at the time that I had to pick the soup and there was no fish of the day to check out as advertised on the menu.
Our intention initially was to have coffee before we left but the fun balloon was deflated and all we wanted to do was leave and hit Starbucks. Some of the dessert choices looked interesting but, nah. A nice touch, hubby got a single little scoop of vanilla ice cream with a lit candle on it as a parting gift for his birthday.
The bill came and to my surprise, the terrible tuna AND the soup were both on the bill when it was obviously not enjoyed and I had mentioned that at the time.
The soup was taken off without delay and we left, likely never to return again.Too bad as had they passed the grade for lunch we would have come back to see the city from above at night. They will not get our business again, there seems to be too many other good restaurants in town. Charcut, we should have selected you....Food was average for sure, but my server Carmen was very attentive and friendly. I think it's worth eating here if you're here for the view. In addition, as others have mentioned.... So long as you order an entree dish, the fee to the observatory is waived :)Too much hype for what it really is.
The views are amazing, especially with sunset or night life, it's great don't get me wrong. The food is subpar, I got a steak that was medium rare and it was more well done then anything. They don't know how to cook steak. I ordered desert and I wish I didn't. So disappointed, wasn't good, very bland. The drinks are okay, okay selection as well. I just wasn't feeling the food, drinks or service when I was here, the view is the only reason why I stayed tbh. It's expensiv for just a view. Enjoy as you please.Expected the view to be great but didn't hold my breath for the food & was pleasantly surprised. My wife & I both had steaks, her the striploin & I the rib-eye. The rib-eye was fantastic, great cut of beef that was tender & juicy as a rib-eye should be served. My wife enjoyed the striploin but I can't say much about it as she didn't let me try but a bite & finished the whole steak!  We also had the duck wontons for an appetizer which was very tasty as well, a little on the salty side but great nonetheless. The dessert was ok, nothing extraordinary but definitely filled up our sweet tooths. I had the brownie & gelato, wishing there had been more gelato, and my wife had the strawberry rhubarb cheesecake.  Overall, great meal & view!Went for dinner with 17 people on a saturday night, service was excellent, everyone was pleased with there appetizers/entres/desserts, all the courses were prepared perfectly and seasoned well.I have to say if you are visiting Calgary then you must come here and eat at least once. We came and sat down for dinner. Just buy an entrée and it includes the ride up to the Calgary Tower. The ride up to the Calgary Tower is $18 and an entrée ranges from $36 to $46. So take the $18 off the entrée technically only cost $20. Not bad. Also the plate is huge. It may not be the best tasting dish but people dine here for the view and not really for the food. 

So the portion is huge. I got a braise short rib with ravioli and it came with two braise short rib and lots of ravioli. I also tried the chocolate cheese cake and lavender crème brulee. So the short rib was a bit too salty but its probably because they added the sea salt on top. I mean there is no need for the sea salt. The short rib has enough flavor for it already. The brocolini was very tough and too much fiber. I think they were over riped. The ravioli no complaints here. They were good.

My favorite are their desserts to complete the meal. So the desserts were done right. very delicious. Best part is that we caught the sunset here and also the fireworks during the Stampede. We were told that the fireworks are so so here and I have to say that is a lie. The fireworks was awesome. We were able to see the grounds of the firework. I don't know what they were talking about to watch it at Scotman's Hill and not here. Forget about Scotman's Hill. At least there are no crazy traffic here. 

Also to dine here, you have to be seated before 10pm. Also make sure you make reservation a day in advance. Tables book up very quick.I decided to take my family to the Calgary Tower for breakfast as my son had never been.
  The views I must say are spectacular and if not for them this restaurant would get 1 star.  After we were seated(on a couch like chair that had rips in it) it took probably 10 minutes for a waitress to come and see if we wanted anything to drink.  My wife and I ordered coffee.  The waitress brought our coffees and then took our food orders.
 .......20 minutes goes by with no offer to refill our empty coffee cups.  Another 10 minutes go by and I flag down a hostess and ask for coffee as no one is paying attention to us.  It took about 45 minutes for our food to show up and when it does the waitress walks away and we realize that none of us have any cutlery, again I have to flag someone down to let them know we can't eat without knives and forks.  My breakfast came with toast and I discover I have no jams as none were offered.  So again I have to literally have to wave my arms in order to ask for jam.
   Overall the service was abysmal, but the views are great.The view is awesome, food was excellent.  We enjoyed the entire experience.  I think it took about an hour to go the complete 360.  It was a nice way to see the whole city with great food and drink.  Server was attentive even with also serving a large groupFor Big Taste, it's totally worth it to come up for lunch. Even if Big Taste wasn't going on, this place is a must visit. Why? THE VIEW! Normally Calgary Tower charges you $18 dollars for the pleasure of the view on the observatory deck. Well, go for lunch or dinner, and you get to check out the view for free. 

For the Big Taste lunch, you can pick from potato leek soup or a mixed green salad, a burger, fettucine, or a blackened chicken sandwich and gelato. The chicken sandwich was filling, a generous amount of white chicken breast, juicy thick slices of tomatoes, lettuce and a spicy aioli. Fries were okay.

If I didn't have to work, I would have loved to have ordered a glass of prosecco or  wine. This is a place to linger and enjoy yourself. I felt like I was in an old black and white movie, so retro. 

I would go again for lunch. Dinner is pricier, so the lunch option is better value. FYI, if you get dizzy easily, take gravel before you go up. It gets a little spinish up there as you rotate around.Came here for my 1 year anniversary with my boyfriend, there weren't many people so the atmosphere was nice and quiet, it was snowing out but the view was still magnificent! Especially with all the Christmas lights. I ordered the beef tenderloin and it was delicious, it was very soft and very juicy, I'd definitely recommend it. My boyfriend ordered the veal and he ate it right down to the bone, so I assume it was just as good as my meal. The waiters were very nice and came by regularly to ask us how our meal was and to refill our drinks. 
We had reservations at 5:30 and came early to go to the observation deck and it was lots of fun! Especially since there were barely any people. We went to the restaurant 10 minutes early and we were seating right away! Only thing I would complain about was the soup that I ordered, and it was quite chilly! Wish I had worn a sweater!I was happily surprised by Sky360. After reading some not so great yelp reviews about the food I was expecting less but still expected the view to be worth it. Little did I know it was the other way around, I went during lunch and the view during the day probably isn't as great as it is at night given all the construction in downtown at the moment, cranes and half-done buildings aren't the most appealing view. 

On the bright side, I got the seafood risotto and loved it (the scallops weren't that great but everything else was excellent). Word of advice, if you go to Sky 360 be sure to ask your server their favourite menu option, my friend got the chicken tacos and didn't enjoy it quite as much, the chicken was dry and bland. 

Service was fast and friendly considering it looked like there was just one server on the floor during the slower lunch hours. It was my friends birthday and they brought out an ice cream scoop with a candle and chocolate plaque saying happy birthday which was a very sweet gesture. We went to the observation deck later and took some photos. It was a great lunch and experience and I hope to try it again sometime.To break it down, I'd give it 5 stars for location, 3 stars for food and 2 stars for service. Let me elaborate. Of course, you come here for the unique location at the top of Calgary Tower. Views are nothing short of spectacular, and you will find yourself gazing out the window more than in your plate or at your dining partner. 

Food is, well, overpriced, which is to be expected for a such a place, but it's only OK quality-wise. I had a soup and a pork belly dish, and both were good enough, but not really memorable. 

But where this restaurant fails is service. If I come in to an establishment expecting to pay $100 or more for a dinner for two, I expect a classy, experienced, helpful staff. Instead, I got a girl, barely out of high school, unable to pronounce not only wine names but even some of the dishes. She was forgetful and hard to catch around the dining area. 

So do come here, but don't expect much in terms of food or service. Just enjoy the view!Really great view while consuming food and drink. I came in for lunch as I was in a conference down the road. I had eaten at the steakhouse at the base and was pleased with that experience. I was told to the $18 fee to get to the top was included in the dining experience. I went in and was followed by others from the conference. We all got in line to talk to the chick behind the counter. I made my res for 1 and was told I could order from the entree list and price of the lift would be included. False. All items on the menu includes the fee for the lift. I could have just ordered a salad if I wanted to. Shame shame. 

I already did a menu perusal beforehand and wanted the grilled cheese with wagyu beef, only because I read it in a manga and wanted to try wagyu. Thinly shaved, grilled with red onions and cheese, and a side of cranberry ground mustard made this a perfect lunch. I ordered a syrah from some town in Canada. I can't remember the name, but it was good. The service was nice, she was a real sweet girl. I went up to the observation deck after lunch and found it not worth it since it doesn't spin and doesn't have as much window space as the restaurant. Odd. Restaurant at 510' and 525' at the deck.I'm only giving this 3 stars because of the amazing view and experience.

However, the lack of entree options and food was disappointing. 

The server was awkward and didn't return to our table after taking our order. 

The cheese appetizer was tasty, but the steak was mediocre. 

Overall, I feel like I paid 200 dollars for the view and seat, the meal was not worth that much.Parking within the building so there isn't much of a walk. Food was a little more pricey but given that there is an $18 charge for the ride up you subtract that off your meal and it's relatively cheap for delicious food and an amazing 360 view. 10/10 will be going againA - List. Recommended. 
5 of 5 - Fantastic views 
5 of 5 - Comfortable couches. 
3 to 4 of 5 - Service
3.5 of 5 - Good food. 
3 of 5 Portion Size
Visit for the views and ambiance not the food.
Expen$$$$ive.The atmosphere and smell of food is amazing. However I'm not impressed that we ordered a bottle of wine and instead got a bottle that was almost double the cost and barely given the chance to see the bottle before it was opened. Also the vegetable sides sound more amazing on the menu than they really are, unfortunately.We threw up the food was so bad!!!

First thing my girlfriend and I noticed when we got there was that no one working was smiling or looked enthused. 

Our waiter acted like he couldn't give a flying f@ck and didn't ask "how was your day?" or any niceties like that, instead just taking our drink and food order.  No small talk whatsoever.

Waiting for our drinks or some bread or something while waiting for our food, but no, my food arrives before our drinks!  I see the waiter bringing other drinks and putting glasses away but he looked like he didn't care, which seemed to be the general attitude of the place.

My girlfriend and I both ended up throwing up after we returned to our hotel!!!  We were both picking off each others' plates, but I suspect it was the meatloaf, as it was cold on the inside. We got our food within ten minutes of ordering, so they couldn't have cooked a salmon and meatloaf in that time! They must have pre-cooked it and kept it on the warmer.  Today we are paying the price and are laid up in bed.

I've eaten at Toronto Tower and Seattle Tower many times and have had no problems. The Calgary Tower was the worst experience ever. And on top of things, I tipped the bugger 15%, when in fact I feel like suing the restaurant.Food was mediocre, service slack and it's very overpriced. Nobody looks happy to work there. View, as usual, was stunning.Went with a group of 5, each of us had a different entree and all had a great meal! We were enjoying our drinks and the view and hadn't really noticed the time that had passed. At some point it crossed my mind that maybe we'd been waiting awhile for our meal, but it wasn't anything unusual and no one had even commented on it. The manager approached us and apologized for the wait on our meals and offered to cover the cost of all our drinks (around $70 worth). The fact that he considered that before any of us really noticed, or had to say anything...fantastic!! We had a great experience and would recommend to anyone! Great food, view and service!!Sky 360 holds the monopoly on the "restaurant at the top of a tower with a crazy great view of the city", and without any competition, it's not a surprise that it's really gone downhill over the last several years. 

The décor in the restaurant is passé, which is not a big deal - but is it too much to ask that at least it is well maintained? The wood paneling along the sides of the rotating section is literally falling apart, with a few spots shoddily patched up with - I kid you not - duct tape applied willy nilly. 

The menu is overpriced and unoriginal, which considering it's literally at the top of a tower, can definitely be excused if the quality was at least decent. I've visited several times over the last 5 years and I've never had a "wow, this is bad" experience until last weekend. 

I visited for lunch, and I went for something simple and ordered a burger. It was $24, and was served with a soup. The tomato soup that it came with can hardly be called that - it had the slurry-like consistency of a warmed up V8 drink, and was so acidic it literally burned my mouth and made me pucker my lips just thinking about it. The burger itself was served watery - the meat was dry on the inside and watery on the outside. Instead of a decent bun, the burger was served on a bun that looked it came from a discount bin at a supermarket. It wasn't seasoned, and there wasn't much flavor to the burger - the only saving grace was the cheese mushroom melted on the patty. 

My friend and both ordered burgers, which is such a simple item to prepare. The restaurant was pretty empty but it still was a solid 35 minute wait. 

If I had the option to go elsewhere for a roof-top view, I would, but because this is the only place, everytime I have a visitor from out of town I will probably find myself paying too much for something that doesn't taste great. 

At least there's a view, right?Yummy! 
What a nice surprise!

* We ended up here after our insurance appointment in the same Radisson building which connects to the Calgary Tower. Was walking past at 11am and realized that we have lived in Calgary for 3 years and never been. So in our hoodies and jeans we ventured up

Upon entering the admission, the girls working told us about the afternoon special - instead of paying $16 admission to the tower, you can buy a menu iteam and the restaurant pays your admission. They show you the menu before deciding and there was a veggie burger for $16 - needless to day we were in!

So we take the 80 second (too cool!) elevator ride up to the restuarant where we are greeted by the hostess who sits us at a comphy window seat - When we started we were in view of the bow building - when we finished we were just behind the bow! too cool

We ordered right away, as we were more excited to get up to the tower. Our plates came out right away  - the veggie burger was so good! But a little huge- but otherwise so good. So moist and yummy.  It comes with housemade garlic mayo and feta cheese. So so so so so good. Best Veggie burger that ive had in Calgary hands down!Bland den godaste risotton jag ätit. Mycket bra smak tillsammans med en bra storlek på portionen. Trevlig personal och fantastisk utsikt. Även om man kanske blir lite yr efter ett tag...

Min flickvän är vegan, och tillsynes finns det ingenting på menyn som är veganskt, vid tidpunkten jag skriver, men personalen var mycket trevliga och kocken fixade personligt ihop en vegansk risotto. Helt fantastiskt god! Om någon i sällskapet är vegan skulle jag fråga efter den veganska risotton.I was surprised that this restaurant does not give complimentary bread or mints.....even the Keg does this...the bread we bought was tasteless and hard. The black girl with the ugly pink sweater on was rude and gave us dirty looks.....the guy with tight blue pants and white shirt with a tie ran around giving high fives to staff...he didn't crack a smile either. Shitty service and the dinner was NOT worth what we paid-close to $200. We will def bring our kids to the tower but not the restaurant.First time coming here, thanks to my partner for bringing me here for my birthday :) 
This restaurant is unique as it is on top of the Calgary Tower - spectacular panorama night view as the restaurant rotates 360 degrees around. 

There's free entrance to the observation deck for those who dine on top. It was pretty cool - standing on a thick glass floor. But as for the view --- it was the same as in the restaurant, so we didn't dwell there for that long and headed up to dine instead. 

I got the Lois Lake Steelhead Trout ($35) - food was decent but not delicious. I think people tend to come here for its dining experience rather than the food quality. We chose a chocolate option for dessert after dinner. It was okay, I would probably try something else next time though, the presentation could be a little better too. 

The staff provided good service as well - but because the restaurant is in a circle, sometimes it can be hard locating a staff member haha.   

Overall, my partner and I had a romantic and fun night here. We enjoyed the 360 view as we dined at a table right next to the windows.Visiting Calgary, we decided to have lunch at Sky 360 to enjoy the 360 degree view, like we had done in other major cities. Once seated, we realized that our view did not change. When asking the waitress about this, she replied "oh, our floor is broken" (should we not have been informed about this before going up??). In spite of this, we decided to stay, ordered the hamburger WITHOUT mayonnaise. Once it arrived, I checked the top bun for mayonnaise. Not seeing any, I started to eat. It was not long before I tasted mayonnaise. Again I checked and discovered much of it. Trying to scrape it off the bun and lettuce did not work very well. When I complained to the waitress, she shrugged her shoulders, offered a "sorry" and insisted that she had told the chef to leave off the mayo, Obviously, I could not finish the hamburger. It was a very disappointing experience.I went here recently for a group luncheon. As we were a large group we had a set menu, with a starter salad, choice of entrée and a dessert.

The salad was supposed to be their take on a Caesar salad. What it amounted to was a plate of romaine lettuce, a little circle of bacon and 3 cheese shavings. While it tasted okay, I was expecting something a little fancier or at least plated more effectively. I chose the flat iron steak entrée. They informed us it would be cooked medium to medium rare. What I ended up getting was closer to rare but I'm okay with that. It was served with over half a plate of arugula...that's a whole lot of arugula - and nothing else. The steak bled all over the plate so from a visual perspective it was sloppy.

Dessert was a rhubarb mousse on a ginger snap. The presentation was beautiful on this but the ginger snap was hard to cut with a fork and made for an awkward eating experience. Tasty though.

The servers also seemed fairly inexperienced. One dripped coffee on a guest at my table. Another brought a bill for an extra glass of wine without a bill holder. Our event had two brief periods of speeches (no more than 6 or 7 minutes each time) and it seemed to be without fail when the servers would choose to clear plates, ask if more coffee was required or have loud conversations amongst themselves. Nothing terrible but I expected a bit more tact and awareness to happen.

From an ambiance perspective, everything seems dates. The wood panelling gives it a 70's basement feel. You probably wouldn't notice at night but during the day it is showing its age. The view of course is fantastic. If I had guests in town I might consider trying the tower again just for that, if it is a nice day.I recently took relatives from out of town to Sky360 as my parents thought it would be a good idea to show them something "unique" to Calgary.  I have previously been once before when I was fairly young for brunch, and did not remember much of it. 

Prior to going, I generally have not heard favorable things about the quality of food/service at Sky360 from colleagues and friends. Let's just say that this "sterling" reputation was solidly upheld.  


SERVICE
Our waiter, Zul, was at first fairly pleasant to deal with, but it was evident he knew he didn't have to work for his tips when he questioned my relative's choice of ordering her steak Rare. But this guy didn't just question it, he reacted with "WHAT RARE???" as if ordering steak rare is a crime or something.  I guess this is what happens when you have guaranteed Gratuity at 18% for groups of 8 or more - you really don't have to put your back into it. 

The real fun part of my meal was when the food came. I, have also ordered a steak sandwich (a $30 dollar steak sandwich....), ordered to rare, came out cold and well done.  When I communciated this to my boy Zul (I feel like we have that kind of relationship now after he lambasted my relative for ordering something he didn't like), this is the conversation that went on: 

"Me: Excuse me, Zul, I am planning on eating the rest of this as I have to go soon and don't want to wait for another meal.  But I thought I should let you know that this steak that I ordered is well done and it's cold. 

Zul: (grabs my plate as my cutlery is still on it) let me heat it up for you. 

Me: It's fine, you can put it back down. 

Zul: (puts my plate down) Did you want me to get you a new steak then? *in a tone of voice like it's my fault*. 

Me: No it's really fine, again I am at a bit of a time crunch."

Feel free to call me overly demanding, but as a paying customer to a 
"fine-dining" establishment, especially an establishment that advertises "unforgettable food, an award winning wine list and a contemporary design all come together to make this unique dining destination a step above the rest." on their website, I expect their wait staff to be a bit more polite and professional.  

The best part of this dining experience comes not 30 seconds after my exchange with Zul, when my brother in law finds a hair in his coleslaw that came with his fish and chips.  The manager that we called over (I'm looking at you, sir with a purple dress shirt and glasses), promptly denied seeing the hair in the food.  However, out of the goodness of his heart he agreed he will take the food back.  He did somewhat redeem himself in his role as a restaurant manager by removing the item off our bill. 


FOOD
The restaurant advertises the following on their website: 

"With the purchase of an entrée, Sky 360 Restaurant takes care of your elevation fee and entitles you access to the Calgary Tower Observation Deck one floor above us."

This generosity on their front is really a creative ploy by management to make up this difference in their profit margins.  These are some of the more memorable prices on their menu:

-$18 dollars for two crab cakes probably twice the size of a POG (remember those from the 90's?). 

-$29 dollars for a 6 oz Steak Sandwich, which they advertise as the Striploin steak. It's a piece of steak with toast underneath. It smells and looks like a steak sandwich to me. 

-$24 dollars for Fish and Chips. 

I think I've said my piece on the quality of the food as part of my anecdote of the service received, so I'll let you, the reader, decide whether the food was good or not. 

OVERALL
I think for spending north of $400 for a party of 8, this restaurant should be ashamed of the quality of food and service they put out.  I get that it's a tourist attraction and they will always have people going to it, but to charge the kind of prices and have a wait staff that talk to customers the way I experienced is more than laughable and an embarrassment to the Calgary restaurant industry.  One time incident or not.  

Specifically, I think this goes to show the amount of entitlement the waiter has when he knows no matter what happens, his gratuity is guaranteed.  While I will give him the benefit of the doubt on trying to rectify my cold steak situation, to question any order the customer have is unacceptable in one's role in the service industry.  Coming from a professional services backgorund, choice of words is very crucial to how to communicate with clients/customers.  This particular waiter can really use some coaching in how to communicate with people. 

Ultimately, this dining experience really highlights the lack of ownership and passion the Sky360 team has on putting out a quality restaurant.  It seems to me the two particular folks would much rather work somewhere else than Sky360 judging by the way they communicated to us.  

Unless they do a complete overhaul, I will not recommend this to anyone.For a place that has an amazing view of the city, you'd expect food and service to be outstanding, but nope, it is ever so plain and mediocre. However, I still have hopes for this place.We had a family brunch here on a Sunday and were surprised it wasn't more crowded. 
We lucked out because it was a beautifully clear day so we could see for miles, but I assume the view would have its own charm if in the clouds or snow. 
Jamie, our server, was responsive, knowledgable and kind. He made the experience that much better with his comfortable conversation and sense of humor. Thank you!
While our attention was turned to the view for most of the visit, I believe the restaurant was clean and easily navigable (duh, just keep walking if you get lost). 
The music choice was a bit odd, a bit too loud and some very yell-y songs at times. My brother and I both had the hash and thought it was overly salted. The donut platter was fun but a bit dry. But the mimosas were grand and the ever flowing coffee delicious. 
We'll be back to say hello to 360 degrees of Calgary whenever the family is all back together in town.Go for the atmosphere not the 360 burger, the burger was bland, hard to eat nicely and the bun was so stale it crumbled in my hands.   The view is great and you save admission to the tower. Wine selection is nice and waiters know their wine.I took my husband here for Sunday brunch when we were passing through Calgary, We went rather early (11 AM) and got good service and excellent food. I wasn't wowed by the lunch selection by the eggs Benedict on top of crab cakes was great.  My husband had the veggie eggs Benedict and really liked it too. We went on a clear day, so that was a plus. And afterwards we went up to check out the view from the glass floor. As others said, there is no charge to take the elevator up to the restaurant if you have reservations, but if you decide to eat while you are on top, there is no refund for the elevator ride. I felt we got a good meal for the price, and i would go back again.Our first time in, group of 3 this evening. Not busy here and service was a bit slow considering that. We all had a glass of wine, or 2 and other drinks. Again, kinda slow. Had to ask for salt/pepper, no bread items, but maybe not customary here. I had a pistachio cheesecake dessert first. Pretty slow to arrive, but was beautiful and actually quite good, and unusual. Beauty presentation, as was all the food items. Also had an app that was good. Can't recall exactly, but may have been a tuna tartar thing. One guest had a steak and mashed potatoes. Meat was thin cut but he said real good. One guest had 2 dishes of crab cakes, which I tasted, and were good. His other dish was a meatball thing. I had the halibut. Serving sizes were small but beautiful presentations. They all actually proved to be adequate size. Nothing amazing here but pretty good overall. Probably would not return.I have to say Sky 360 is one of my favourite restaurants. The food is always fresh, the service is great and the view is well you know..one of the best in the city. 

If you make a reservation you don't have to pay $18.00 to go up the tower. 

Lunch is awesome, not overly expensive, and you get great portions. 

If you're worried up parking. The only thing I suggest is parking at the Core for $2.00 after 4pm on week days and on weekends it's $2.00 all day. 

They've now changed the menu. Some of the new dishes are, Butter Poached Prawns (amazing), Beet Salad which is one of my favourites because of the cucumber yogurt dressing that has a tad of dill.

So if you're looking for a romantic night out or a quick lunch, head to Sky 360!Top of the Calgary tower. 
Okay this is a bitter sweat place. If you enjoy meals that that are a high level of English, it's great. I however need google with every item on the menu. 
The food is delicious, and of course with the high class comes the high price.
Also the floor moves very, very slowly. It takes about 1 hour to make it all the way around.
I suggest it for really special occasions.Best view in town and great surprise that they gave us a birthday little gift with a candle. We had a great birthday there. I like the Duck, it's very tender and juicy, the sauce served is just perfect for me. Wanna try their lunch with friends someday!I was really excited to be going here for the first time, I couldn't wait to enjoy the food with amazing views in a great atmosphere.

The food was okay. I ordered the "seared rare tuna" to start, and I was a bit surprised it was albacore tuna and not ahi. It was still good though! I heard their soup of the day was delicious, and it looked good!

I had the eggplant pasta for dinner that wasn't very good. It was okay but the eggplant was undercooked and was not appetizing looking at all. Overall it was very disappointing and for the prices I was expecting some amazing. I know I ordered wrong because the steak across from me and the "lamb two ways" to my right looked and tasted absolutely delicious. 

Dessert was okay, we shared the panna cotta which was supposed to have grilled peaches but they looked and tasted like they were out of a can, and only two TINY slivers of the candied ginger that I was also excited about. 

The service was good, although she did forget one of the items, and the prices are high, for some things it's worth it, for others, definitely not!

They also need to re-vamp the elevator because on your way up to enjoy an expensive meal, it really doesn't set the mood with the ancient and dirty carpet.Great food, great service, beautiful views. They are so nice there and we had a wonderful time. I would certainly return. We started with the bruschetta which was delicious and was a great size for four people sharing. Then for my main I had the orecchiette, which reminded me of the comforting taste of beef and noodles with gravy. It was more sophisticated and delicious. The lemon cake completed our meal, we shared it. I would certainly return for the great service and delicious food.If I could give 6 stars, I would!  I had an incredibly memorable experience when I had the pleasure of going to Sky 360.  It was a combination of the food, the service, and the general experience that made this restaurant trip so unique.  

I've never been a fan of calamari, but these guys made some that I could tolerate eating; I ate almost a whole appetizer of this stuff!  It came highly recommended by the waiter, and we were glad we listened.  I ordered a spinach and goat cheese penne which was absolutely to die for.  Giant bulbs of garlic and a lot of pine nuts made it what it was... delicious!

I've never experience such a pleasant, knowledgeable waiter as the one we had at Sky 360.  He was able to fully recite the menu, which was newly instated, and every little taste of the different dishes.  I was floored by how yummy he made everything seem, and that he could tell me so much about each dish.  It was extremely refreshing to see a waiter that actually seemed passionate about what the chefs were serving.  He was able to joke with us, yet seem professional.  A great waiter by my standards!

The experience.  WOW!  What can I say about eating in a restaurant that not only has a beautiful view, but has a view of the entire city.  It makes about one full rotation every hour, so you won't miss a peep of the gorgeous city that stretches so far.  The best time to visit would be dusk so that you can get a lovely sunset over the mountains.  It was phenomenal to be able to experience that while enjoying a meal.

Sky 360 is an incredibly classy place, which explains the somewhat pricey items.  It's totally understandable to go here because the experience alone is worth the cost.  What a magical place!  And I know I sound ridiculous when I say that, but it's true!  Absolute magic.Our family celebrated a special occasion here. 
The revolving restaurant gave us a really nice view of the city and the food was enjoyable as well.
I would say the food was decent here, much better than what I expected for sure. They were well executed, flavourful, nicely presented and had good portion sizes.we got the chicken breast, the seafood risotto and the salmon. Would recommend them all. 
The server was way too talkative though, like, I have no interest in his personal life, but he kept on talking about himself. It was a celebration of OUR family occasion, we wanted to savour OUR moments, not his. 
Other than that, no complaints.What is going on??? I have gone to the Calgary tower and restaurant every year for about 15 years. It has gone through many changes...but what is UP?? 
The upholstery was very very ripped and I almost asked to change, but saw the other benches and chairs around were all the same!
The tables had water marks on them, and the windows and ledges seemed grimy.
The bathrooms were horrendous!! Out of paper, wood peeling everywhere on the walls and doors. 
None of this makes sense with the $37+ entree prices. Absolutely bizarre.
The food was good, not great, but large portions. Nothing and I mean nothing vegan. One vegetarian option, and it was a heavy cream pasta. I was very happy with my steak, but had to ask for salt...which the server couldn't find. It took a while and when it arrived it seemed like it had been dug out of a messy cabinet.
The server was trying his best, he was polite but kept asking obvious/needless questions. He knew nothing about the details of the menu or wine list.

Come on, folks! This level of dining should at least be courteous, clean, and in good repair. 

Really disappointed.This restaurant has the best view of Calgary... Also, the food is very good. The beef carpaccio is delicious. And the veal is great!!... Based on other yelp reviews I ordered the veal and it was excellent!!.. My father had the beef and it was very good too...  The service is just ok. If somebody ask me their improvement opportunity it will be without any doubt  the service. With such an incredible place and the most beautiful view of the city, if they would have good service this could be the best restaurant of the city. The wines are great too!!.. And the desserts delicious!!..I had an amazing time at the top of the tower. Me and my fiancee went during Globalfest hoping to see fireworks. But alas it was not meant to be. 

Food was top notch. The waiters were amazing and super helpful. The waiter that served us gave some really good recommendations as far as desserts and entrees.

I would definitely go there again.Great View, A-OK food.

Typically when I have an amazing meal in front of me I savor each and every bite. I think I finished my meal in under 10 minutes. To sum it all up- I wasn't happy at all. My meal wasn't even flavorful. I just finished it to get it over with.

Unfortunately, at the end of dinner- nobody was raving about their meals. Which sucks since I was the one who selected Sky 360.My girlfriend and I went to Sky 360 to celebrate our engagement. Our server, Shaker, was delightful, personable, and super helpful; he really made us feel at home! He deserves a raise for his level of service. 

We ordered a couple of appetizers: the cheese selection and pork belly and scallops. They were both really delicious. The manager brought out the cheese selection and was really knowledgeable about the flavors and origins. We weren't all that hungry so we were going to leave after the appetizers. I forgot that if you don't order an entrée you have to pay the 18$ elevation fee, each. We were fine with this, seeing as ordering entrees would have been a waste. The manager then brought our bill and said that they have waived the elevation fee as a courtesy and a "gift" for our engagement celebration. I thought that was very kind and it made the experience even better! This was our first time at Calgary Tower and Sky 360 and I am so very pleased. Great job everyone! Thanks for the nice memory.Had dinner here and it was better than expected. We started with the short rib yorkies and butternut ravioli. Both were good. Followed up with lamb lollipops, lamb shank and chicken stuffed with goat cheese. The lamb dishes were good. However the chicken dry.I've dined at the Sky 360 4 times over the last 10 years.  I'd like to start by saying the highlight of this dining experience is always the view.  They've recently changed the menu and I guess the kitchen....

I had the $36 roasted chicken.  The chicken was appeared as a very tiny piece of meat which almost bore the appearance of a chicken wing.  Although moist and well prepared, this was hardly a full entree as it amounted to the protein content of two chicken wings.   I'm not sure if this is a new trend but I prefer when ordering simple chicken to be given enough to fill the standard adult.   

The funny thing is that there might be a run on chicken prices for Sky 360 - here is another hint that might be the case:  

My date asked for linguine and clams with a chicken substitution due to allergy.  We were told there might be an additional charge.  As the dish was $38, I was curious as to my lack of chicken and my date being informed the chicken would push the pasta to over $38...They informed us later that the price would be generously kept at the $38 because the chef was in a good mood.

Service was alright although there were some large gaps between ending our meal and receiving dessert (40 minutes).

If you are in the mood for chicken, I'd go to Earls for their much more generous blackened Cajun chicken and then head to Sky 360 for dessert.We ordered the following: 

Squash Ravioli - good, not bad but I've had better. 

Mini yorkies - lover and would recommend and order again! 

Lamb lollipops - loved them! And the pasta served with it was amazing! 

Lamb shank - amazing! Fall off the bone. 

Amazing views! 

Chicken - ok.We went in and made a lunch reservation that morning and they gave us a 2:00pm time slot. The tower was right across the street from my hotel and my elevator was slow so I ran across the street arriving at 2:05. They would not seat us! Talk about brutal. They were unbelievably rude. I cannot recommend this restaurant nor the service. I would advise others to skip the sky tower if your trying to enjoy Calgary.Food was over priced and the value was absolutely terrible.  My wife order the stuffed supreme chicken breast goat cheese, wild rice, mashed potato, fall vegetables, roasted pepper gastric $36.00 and it was absolutely dry and not very easy to eat at all very bad actually.  The appetizer, The Alberta mezze for two truffle foie gras mousse , spiced pepper pico de gallo, artichoke and spinach dip, crisp pita, in house pickled veg for 22 dollars?  What an absolute rip off!  Pickled crap with burnt bread pieces? REALLY?  TERRIBLE!  Now the worst and biggest rip off of the evening was the Alberta ribeye truffle foie gras mousse, seasonal vegetables, garlic mashed potato (10 oz) for $52.00! First when I order the steak the waitress argued with me about the way I want my steak done I told her rare!  She argued and said "chef recommends it being done a minimum of medium rare!  My response was for 52 dollars I want my steak rare because if they over cook it then it is medium rare if they under cook it it is rare then I am happy.  If I order medium rare and it is medium I will immediately send it back.  I know how to order my steak! When I got my "steak"  I was given a thin little crappy steak that looked like a 5 dollar minute steak.  It was thin squished and certainly was not close to 10 oz before or after it was cooked.  Looked like a 6 oz pounded flat to appear to be a 10 oz steak.  IT WAS NOT 10 OZ and I do not care what the response from the restaurant is I know I am right as I am 51 years old and know what a $52.00 10 oz Ribeye looks like! Go to Wellingtons or Hy's or maybe CHEF go to the bottom of the tower and see what Ruth's Chris Steak Houseis serving.  My steak was absolute garbage and insulting.  I will complain here but Guess what IT WAS COOKED RARE!  WHOOO!  You cooked a minute steak rare!  Bent me over and stuck it to me for $175.00.  Guess what Sky 360 that absolute rip off is about to cascade through social media and I will tell you now I will never ever be back!  Pay for the view?  What an absolute rip off!I can easily explain this. Sadly... the initial tone of the restaurant is hard to come back from. We had a lovely meal. Standard issue. We have been here for many many occasions. Big birthdays or special events-

The Tower has always been our on our hit list. Not cause its the best but cause there is something special about the ambiance.  
However today may have sadly changed the course for our family. We arrived tonight for my mother's 70th birthday. Initially we thought my 9 year old would be at a dance event but that changed and our party of 5 became 6. No big deal you would think. Especially when adding a 9 year old to a table that already had a 5 year old. 
Well sadly.... not sure what kind of training the hostess had but she was rude. She made it like it was a big deal. She went on that she would have to change our reservation - it was for 6:00 and it was 5:55 at this point - to 6:15 or 6:30. And then she went on about there would be a 18%gratuity added to the bill no matter what. 

Ok so no big deal on the grat but c'mon - you can probably say it a different way but adding one 9 year old to a family table you have to make a big deal about the time and changing it etc. My parents stood there embarrassed. It was (as i mentioned) a special birthday. 70!!! And here this millennial with her long finger nail points at us at that we can go up but we'll have to wait. . .. prob 15 mins at least for them to get us a table. 

From that description you are thinking - WOW THE TOWER is HOPPIN TONIGHT. omg. Hard to squeeze in a 9 year old. mother ship what have we gotten ourselves into. Sounds like a rave....

So. We go up. Im fuming. We arrive at coat check at little Ms B is clearly on the phone with the hostess here cause you could tell by her cool nature she expected us to be a pain in the ass. Yah. We are a pain all right. Typical husband. Wife. 9 year old. 5 year old and gramma and grandpa ... typical nightmare. . . 

So the hostess... 'how are we tnight'. 
Hopefully better soon I say.  Oh why. She said all surprisingly. I said well the girl downstairs seemed to have an issue adding a child to the reservation. She starts to say something but really what excuse can she and she sort of stops and says .. well i have a great table for you.   So thats how what was suppose to he a lovely evening at the Tower started. Hard to come back from such Rudeness.  

So we walk to our table. You are expecting a mosh pit right cause you cant squeeze in a 9 year old. 

Tables everywhere. Empty. 
There was a couple next to us. Then 2 free tables. Then a couple. Then about 5 free tables. It is after all 6:00 ( and she thankfully didn't make us wait to 6:15). 

We did sat. And we all tried to shake it off. Ordered a bottle of wine. And some appys. I had the fish special -Arctic Char and it was nice. Not overly flavourful and on a huge bed of quinoa but made for a nice meal.   Kids meals don't include a drink or dessert which i always find funny yet for a special occasion Im ok with the $4.25 Shirley Temple and the $6 ice cream on top of the $10 butter pasta. (If you are following along we just paid $20 for our 5 year old to eat) 

And honestly. None of that bothers me. Our waiter was lovely. And the bill was just shy of $400 for the 6 of us. 

It was that girl at the beginning that made a big deal and embarrassed us all. Went on about the grat (further embarrassed my parents that felt this was kinda pricey) and made it like i messed up when plans change. 

So. Sadly. For that kind of money-Im happy to have the ambiance somewhere else where we feel appreciated. 
We wont be back.Wifey and I went to sky 360 for our second time on Saturday the 18th. We had an amazing view from the upper deck and glass floor and sat right before the sunset so we had the greatest view of the sun going down over down town. 

As usual the service was amazing! Helpful staff, food came in perfect time. 

The food was perfect. We shared some calamari and I (as usual) had the steak and wifey had the chicken. the food was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing!!! We love the portion sizes here! Perfect amount and you always have room for dessert! 

We had the hazelnut tart.... AMAZING! You HAVE to try it! Perfect for wifey and I to share :) 

We gave them a perfect rating because they always deliver a perfect experience every time!The service was great and I would have given 5 stars but my buffalo short ribs were leather.  It's suppose to be cooked for 24 hours..... Not and the wait staff didn't even bother to ask how my meal was when I left all of my protein in the table.The ambiance obviously pretty cool - you're in a rotating restaurant. The drinks are very pricey! The food is average. I ordered the salmon entree and it arrived cold and overall bland. Food isn't worth the price tag! Really quite disappointingMy family and I went to celebrate my daughter a birthday but we were shock with the food we order. it was terrible the salmon with gnocchi was so bad that I did not eat it, the salad too salty. the steak that dad eat full of fat inside not week cook. the pasta the girls eat was far from delicious. I am in shock like if the chef did this intentionally, not personal, but I am wondering if it was his last they in the job and he or she did not care at all!
it was very sad since it was our first time there and we wanted to celebrate our daughter with a super special place and good food. very sad!Beautiful views, inconsistent food and we've been in truck stops with cleaner bathrooms. 

We told the maitre d' about the bathroom and she shrugged as though expecting a clean washroom in a place like this was going above and beyond for them.

The meal was over priced for what you get especially the ribs, they were so fatty they were barely edible. 

A fun experience for the kids but beyond that it isn't worth a second visit.Ok - this is obviously a tourist centered restaurant, but, that being said, it was actually really good! We were not thrilled with the prices, but, I suppose you're paying a premium for the outstanding view. We loved the steak tartare - fresh and perfectly prepared. The prawns over pasta had such a nice lemony sauce I was tempted to lick the bowl when we finished the dish. We enjoyed our meal with a couple glasses of solid Canadian wine and were blown away by the dessert. The dessert was easily one of the best we've had in a while (and we never skip dessert). It was a light fluffy lemon raspberry cardamom concoction...I've never tasted a cake quite like it before, it was wonderful! Our server was young and a bit slow but very nice and enthusiastic.Decided to return to try the restaurant at the top of the Calgary tower for our 24th wedding anniversary dinner this past week.  I don't think we have been there since the change of ownership to Sky 360 (probably been at least 6 years since we tried this location.)

Parking near the restaurant isn't very convenient.  If you can't find street parking, the only nearby location is the Palliser Hotel parkade.  I hate paying for parking when you are also going to be splashing out for what is (ostensibly) a premium dinner.

Let's start with the best feature: The 360° views out the window as you slowly revolve!  There can't be a better restaurant vista in all of Calgary, especially on a cold, clear night like we experienced.

Drinks were good, but very overpriced, in my opinion.  They don't carry premium brands of tonic water for mixing, just Schweps, which is horrible swill to use in a gin and tonic.

My steak (ribeye, most expensive entre on the menu at $52) was done absolutely perfectly.  (Most restaurants in this city just can't cook a steak rare to save their lives.)  This was superb.  Garlic mashed potatoes weren't spectacular, if I'm honest.  They seemed a bit dry, and it almost tasted like they were not freshly made, maybe just reheated.  Which is too bad, because there is nothing better than garlic mash when it is done right.  Fall vegetables were nicely done.

Given the quality of the food, we didn't bother with dessert.

Overall, a somewhat underwhelming dining experience for such an important event.  We may try it again, but given the qualify of food, it will likely be another 5 years before I chance it!My daughter wanted to have dinner here for her birthday. Overall they did good. We all enjoyed the food, service was average however the view was 5 star. I would recommend experiencing this restaurant at least once.Went here for the first time yesterday for brunch for my boyfriends birthday. I've been to the tower more times than I can count but I've never actually been to Sky 360. 

View was obviously 10/10, the spinning floor was super cool, but a tiny bit disorienting if you think about it too much... 

Service was good, the hostesses seemed a little flustered and confused when we arrived, but we were seated right away, and our server was awesome. Timely and polite service, but not overbearing. 

Coffee was good, the donut appetizer was awesome, even though the apple fritters were a bit under done. I had the hash and it was great, boyfriend had the 360 Benny which also looked delish. We left with full bellies and some leftovers for lunch today. Would definitely be back and recommend this place!3 diners ordering 3 different meals and not one of us cleared our plates. I asked for hot sauce to try and salvage my pasta dish; it still tasted awful. 

This place is good for the view and the servers were nice, but that still does not make up for the food qualityThis was a lovely way to spend a Saturday night! Of course the observation deck/glass floor on the way up was a great start! We took a few photos and headed up to the restaurant. 
The first thing I noticed was the curtain to the coat check room was half hanging open, light on, and there were some messy items strewn around the floor. This is right at the hostess stand so it was not a great first impression. There was also a paper poster taped to the hostess stand which isn't very appealing for a classy place. The hostesses were in an argument over the seating of a table when we showed up and one marched away visibly unimpressed. First impression wasn't lovely, but they sat us at a great booth on the outer row so we had a beautiful view and lots of space to enjoy! Our waiter was lovely, as was the waiter in the section next to ours- he popped by to visit a couple times and we had great laughs with both waiters. Service was prompt, wine was great. I had the special (8oz veal tenderloin with duchess potatoes and asparagus) and my company had the bison flank with roasted potatoes, green beans and braised cabbage. The meats were delicious and tender, potatoes were great, but the braised cabbage was not great. Our waiter recommended the peanut butter and jelly cheesecake for dessert and it was interesting and enjoyable. We stayed quite late for drinks afterwards (boozy coffee...Manhattans...martinis...port...more wine...) because they have a great selection of drinks and wine. The restaurant had cleared out significantly by 9pm so we felt like we had the place to ourselves! The waiters were great fun, and the view was just awesome. Could have stayed there all night! Food was good, service was great, and drinks were fantastic. We are looking forward to our next dinner there!The food was relatively good, I had the braised chicken leg with some assorted veggies and potatoes. It was alright. The chicken was tender and juicy in some areas then dry in others. My friends both had the confit chicken sandwich which was alright too. 

The four stars are mainly because of the great view and the waitress was still very nice even though we came in close to the closing lunch time!Manager Tye was awesome, staff gave great 5 star service... Food was great, love the ambiance of this restaurant.I had gone in to specifically try the new summer menu from Chef Schafer. Let's start with the atmostphere.

Sky360, literally the tallest restaurant in the city being 510 feet above the ground, is easily one of the best views of pretty much the entire city. As a breathtaking view, or just a panoramic vantage point, it's easily one of the best places in town for a different perspective on things.

Colin, my server, was quite attentive, despite my inability to choose between the 2 recommended dishes. Seeing a smudge on my knife, he immediately dispatched it and went to grab another. He was charming, informative and friendly.

As for the food, Chef Schafer did not disappoint. The experimental black sesame crusted halibut cheek was well balanced by the sweet mixed fruit salad that accompanied it. The Veal tenderloin was exactly that... tender. Served on a bed of enoki mushrooms and a side of goat cheese and potato perogies, it was by far an excellent dish to savour while enjoy the sights as the restaurant slowly spun. And the chocolate torte with the crushed honeycomb was the perfect end to the meal. Not too sweet, yet accentuated by the honeycomb, it was a joy to slowly devour again to the beautiful scenery.

Excellent meal all around.Come for the view and the experience of eating in a revolving restaurant. You make about one full revolution during dinner. The food is nothing to rave about. I ordered the albacore tuna and risotto and I was very underwhelmed. Their menu is small which should mean they kick ass at everything, not the case unfortunately.Still as pretentious and under delivering as it was 10 years ago. Restaurant is run by a bunch of 20-year-olds think they own the world. Great view as usual very clean just way overpriced food for the low-value that it is.We took my grandparents here for dinner, as it had been about 15 yrs since our last visit.  Service was good, but the food was disappointing and mediocre at best, especially for the price. I had the tuna, which came properly cooked, but had no seasoning, not even salt & pepper; the bland wasabi spaetzel couldn't make up for it, and the side squash was both over- and under-cooked depending on each individual piece on the plate. The rest of our party had the halibut special; again, the fish was cooked perfectly but was bland, and the starch on the plate was rock-hard friend chunks of bread - no salad, veg, or potato - very strange choice. 

The thing that upset me most, however, was that the waitress overheard us saying that my mom's birthday was coming up, so she brought out an ice cream without us asking or mentioning the birthday directly to her. It was a nice gesture, but my mom is lactose intolerant so she couldn't eat it (Grandpa took care of it for her, so we did eat it). Then, when I got the bill at the end of the night, I noticed we were charged for it! Pretty bad service to charge your guests for a dessert they didn't ask for.

One positive is that the bourbon vanilla cheesecake was divine, and the view is obviously great. Pick up a free headset before the elevator ride to learn lots of interesting things about Calgary, but just pay the $18 fee and skip the expensive meal.Of many a tower-based restaurants, Calgary' Sky 360 wins my positive opinion. Not that it is particularly impressive in anything, but overall it is just so comfortable and warm - I really enjoyed my visit there.

As it is a major tourist attraction, you should be obviously prepared to pay. But that money would not be wasted in a lousy "but this is the only tower restaurant in the whole town!" You will actually get a decent service and a well-prepared food and wine. Atmosphere is cozy and the view is cute.

Poor Calgary Tower is somehow handicapped by the much higher buildings surrounding it, yet it looks impressive when they lit an actual fire on top of it, proving that the tower used to symbolize an Olympics torch back in time. Impressive.

If you are going to leave your car somewhere underground, you will find it tricky to find your way to the tower' elevators - so allow some time buffer for that. Otherwise there shall be no problems, and I am looking forward to visit the Sky 360 next time I will be in Calgary.My family traveled to Calgary recently and the Calgary tower looked like an interesting spot to see. The regular ticket cost is $18. I was looking into the restaurant and saw that you got free admittance to the tower with a purchase of a regular entree. The lunch menu was much cheaper, so we decided to do lunch at the tower (just about $5 per person for the tower and lunch). The restaurant isn't difficult to find, but the door leading to it looked like an employees only door. We were seated quickly (we had reservations) in a quite section. About 10 minutes after we sat down, the hostess sat a very large family right beside us, when 75% of the restaurant is empty. The waiter was kind, very knowledgeable on the city. The food was okay. We ordered bison meatballs for an appie, and eggplant pasta, a burger, and seafood risotto for entrees. The food was expensive, but it includes the tower admission, so I guess it is reasonably priced. If you go to the tower, I suggest getting lunch as well (the restaurant spins), but don't expect five star food.I took my parents here for Sunday brunch. The ladies on the ground floor came off pretentious and inauthentically friendly. Perhaps it was their age. Same with the hostesses. The restaurant was pretty much empty but it still took our server 10 minutes to greet us and offer us drinks. They seemed more interested in mingling at their stations than serving their patrons. The glasses were dirty, which really turned me off. Food was alright and showed up promptly since we were there around opening time. I had the rocky mtn breakfast; Splumbo sausages and hash browns were burnt. My parents both had the pancakes, and had no concerns there. Overall the experience was mediocre. I'd only return if I had another out of town visitor like my parents - just for the experience and views. Food and service is nothing special.On a clear day in Calgary, a group of us went to Sky 360 for lunch with our families. First of all, if you want to see the view it is worth it to go and choose an entrée at this restaurant because they wave the viewing fees if you eat there. And actually, for lunch we felt the food was tasty, the portions were plenty (we expected small based on the view), and the atmosphere was excellent. Our hostess to seat us at the table was terrible. We waited a long time to be seated (with reservations) and as our friend said, "I felt like I needed to apologize to her to eating here." Either she is having an awful day, or being a hostess should not be in her cards. Our server was friendly enough though. I had a local beer on tap, which was lovely. My friend had a wine that she was pleased with and everyone else had pop. I noticed that a lot of people did not rate the food as high stars, but for us lunch was very pleasant and everyone enjoyed what they were eating.  Two people at the table had the Alberta beef burger - tomato, lettuce, swiss cheese, breaded onion rings, mushroom,Canadian back bacon served with fries. I sampled the burger and the patty had a lot of flavour in it with a lot of things between the buns. The fries were hot and tasty. I had the pan seared salmon - chilli lime, wild rice, lentils, spinach, sprouts. The salmon was well cooked and not too dry, and  wild rice/lentils/spinach side was filling without feeling too heavy. My daughter had the radiatori pasta - roasted pepper, plum tomato, fall vegetables. She was surprised, being a teenager, that there was enough to make her full. "I expected 9 pieces of pasta arranged on a plate." My friends had the squash ravioli - braised lamb ragout, cherry tomato and braised kale and the wild rice and lentil bowl - zucchini, tomato, feta, eggplant, sugar peas, sprouts, chili lime vinaigrette. Both enjoyed their dishes but especially expressed happiness to the sauce that the squash ravioli was in. Was it expensive...well yes....24 dollars for a vegetarian pasta is a little high...but considering the atmosphere and the fact you wave the fees going up the tower I think it is well worth it.My recent experience at sky 360 was disappointing to say the least. We came to celebrate my parents 25th wedding anniversary at the resturaunt my father proposed to my mother. We were seated promptly. Our waiter was clearly very busy so the service was fine considering that. Although the manager did have to get us something we needed. We were given our appetizers in failry good time but the real dissapointment was the entree. We waited over fourty five minutes to have our server com and tell us it would be another 10-15 minutes. After waiting that long we discussed with the manager who offered us free dessert as compensation. Once we finally recieved our meals we were horrified at what we were served. My fathers halibut looked like it had been microwaved and left sitting under the heat lamp for an hour. My tenderloin was order medium and came out completley charred on the outsit and well done in the center. It was essentially inedible and overcooked. My brothers seafood risotto was flavourless and my mothers short ribs were chewyand dry. At this point we were fed up and our eveing was essentially ruined as it was already 9:25 and we couldent even go eat somewhere else. Overall i am so dossapointed and very displeased that we chose to spend such a special event at this resturaunt. All in all our waiter was good and did a good job dealing with the situation but there is no excuse for anything else.I typically don't give negative reviews, but this time I'm making an exception because I couldn't even get into one of the best restaurants in the city.  And this review isn't about the food, taste, but on the very first experience that everyone has when they first walk up to the tower.  

It needs to be addressed because it is negatively impacting the image of the tower for guests to the city on this simple plain fact.  If the restaurant books up through reservations, there is ZERO admittance or walk-ins allowed.  For tourists visiting our city, it is appalling as a Calgarian that a restaurant leaves no walk-in space (just a couple of tables) for visitors to our city to experience one of the most family-friendly and great places to to dine at.  Actually, it's unacceptable. And if you visit their website, it says nothing like "reservations recommended" - the kind of tips that would help visitors and even local Calgarians avoid disappointment.

Personally, my wife and I took our 9 year old son out for a special dinner at Calgary Tower with no reservation.  When we came to the check-in desk at the base of the tower at 5:30pm, thinking we were early enough for the rush, we were told they were booked up and had no room. End of story. If I was a tourist, I would of viewed this as 'snobby'.  Hy's does this and it is an appalling client experience - surely Calgary Tower doesn't treat potential new customers as such? 

Yes they do.

So Calgary Tower - always leave a couple of tables 'un-reservable' so people can experience the joy of dining at your wonderful restaurant.  And if not, update your website so tourists and Calgarians can adjust our expectations and 'schedule' you in.Amazing! The entire meal was amazing!
I don't know what else to say, the menu was rather traditional and not as adventurous as I like seeing but that didn't matter, the short rib I had was massive, and bursting with intense flavour! My sister in law got the ny striploin and not only was it large, but it was in charge! It was the best steak she's ever had, and her father was a cattle farmer.

Dessert was so flavourful too that we were all blown away.
The only thing I could dock marks for was drink sizes. Unlike the rest of the food it seemed to be the smallest serving size they could get away with which I found to be ridiculous considering the price tag on them.

Oh yeah, the view was incredible too! I always looked at the Calgary Tower and thought "it's not that big or impressive" but the views are quite remarkableHad an amazing time here... The view was spectacular and the food was pretty good (as far as I'm concerned) my husband didn't really like his dish ( some kind of fish) ... I also love the fact that it's kid friendly so I got 2take my baby girl with me , which was gr8. Overall , good experience but the food was a little 2 pricey for , pretty much , average food.Boyfriend took me here for a date and we went around the observatory before our dinner resercation.. it was such a cool concept of a rotating restaurant and our server Noel (she's a girl) was very accommodating and nice. The food was very good, nothing extravagant but definitely worth it. I recommend going with a special someone or family! Would have been better if we stayed later and watched the sun go down and the city lights come up but its summer so the sun came down really late.Well we thought we were going to have a drink however informed that the earliest we could be seated was 9pm. The place was empty. When I pushed the issue I was told that there was a dress code and they don't allow sweats. Told the hostess that she should have lead with that one.  Nowhere was it posted about attire.  The sign reads restaurant and lounge.  I guess there is no longer a lounge.  Hmmmm. Some underhand form of discrimination I hate to say.Dining experience and service were good but wasn't impressed by food or dessert. Expensive. I had chicken I think it was $32 for a single piece of chicken that was dry. 6 baby potatoes, 5 green beans all served on arugula.Wife, kid, and I had finally arrived in Calgary after making our way across BC, and camping in the parks. Despite roughing it, it seemed to us that Canada's high prices had been bleeding us dry. Thus, when I read that we could eat in the Tower and not have to pay to elevate, I was psyched! 

We made our lunch reservation at the base of the Tower for one half hour later. In the intervening 30 minutes we were able to zip up there and enjoy the view, which is fantastic. The time passed quickly, and was a great way to kill time.

We were immediately seated when we reported to the restaurant, and we noticed just as quickly that the establishment was in motion. Like some other iconic tower joints (Space Needle), the Calgary Tower revolves for your viewing pleasure. This was very cool as we were new to the area, and it allowed us to profoundly take in the whole 360* while leisurely seated.

Wife and I ordered local ales, and the kid ordered a local root beer. These were served, we ordered food, and then things slowed down. We were hungry, so the 30 minutes that we awaited our food was just short of agonizing, despite the view. This wait time is the reason I'm giving the place four, not five, stars.

Fortunately, in contradiction to some of the reviews here, the food was excellent. My Alberta burger was nicely-cooked, with a tasty char, yellow tomato, pickled scallions, and some kind of mayo-sauce. I got the greens on the side, and they were fresh and well-dressed. Wife got the grilled cheese with Wagyu shavings. I wish I had gotten that, because it ruled. She also loved it. Kid got the NY steak and fries from the kid's menu. That was $14, but it was a steak (6 oz), and she liked it. She ordered it medium well, and it was. 

Regarding prices, if you are going up in the Tower anyway and need to eat, then this might be the best bargain in town. Certainly, after doing the math this is NOT a $$$$ restaurant. If the menu prices stood alone, then it might be a $$$ restaurant. If you haven't been up before, then you should go.This was our first trip to Calgary and decided we would arrive right in time for lunch. Why not go to the tower, since we ate at the Space Needle and had a ball. We arrived right at 1:30 for our reservation and they sent us up with no delay. We got a perfect window seat. The waiter came over right away and took drink orders. I wanted just water with lemon, he asked if a carafe was fine? Sure. More on this later.

We were doing the $23 lunch special, you get a entree and starter of soup or salad. you save $3 doing this. You can add dessert for $6. I start with a salad, it was fresh and had a good vinaigrette on it.  Husband went with the curried carrot soup, which was tasty and a pretty large bowl of it. I had ordered fries with the burger, but when it came out, he brought another salad. When I flagged him down, he said, 'oh, you changed your mind'. No, I think he changed his mind when placing the order. 

 He took the plate with the salad and about ten minutes later, a huge bowl of fries comes out. All is good, once again. I am on my second carafe of water, since I am sharing with my husband, who is having tea, as well. As a note, I never got the lemon, my husband got lemon with his tea and the waiter jokingly says, maybe he will share his lemon with you. I laughed not realizing I would never see my little piece of citrus. 

I think the burger is good, my husband, left half of his, saying it just started tasting heavy and greasy. I have a high tolerance for this, so not surprised, I powered through. Then we order dessert, as we are enjoying a great view. My husband ordered the lemon cake, which was light and very good. I ordered the rocky road brownie with gelato. I asked if it had walnuts and if so, could we please leave them off, as I have a slight walnut allergy. He said there is no way possible, they are baked in. Fine, I will power through for the sake of chocolate. 

It shows up with a million walnuts on top. There were not that many baked in, but four million on top. I executed my walnut flinging skills, and I was fine with the little that were in the brownie. 

The bill comes and the carafes of water were $2 each. I paid more for water than my husband did for tea. I have never been charged for water, but chalked it up as Calgary Tower fun tax. Then the desserts were billed out at $9 and $8 each. The lunch final bill was $76. This was more than we paid for dinners at the Space Needle. 

At least the price of the admission to get to the top was included in that. The glass floor is worth going up. It is just a small portion on one side. I thought I was going to just walk right on to it, but no, I was like most people who froze right at the edge, as their significant others stood coaxing them onto the clear plexiglass of death.Restaurant and view was amazing. Had the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer, which was delicious.  The roasted chicken and risotto for lunch which was really good, the risotto was so good! And the okgangan apple crisp for dessert, which was not bad but not great.  Only complaint was the drinks. Had a Caesar and it was absolutely disgusting I'm 99% sure it was from one of those motts Clamato premade Caesars, and anyone who knows Caesars will know that is garbage, and for 9 bucks! Save your money get a glass of wine.  Other than the highway robbery on shitty drinks it was overall a good experience with good food.If you have motion sickness, I recommend you not go here!

I was here with my girlfriend for her birthday dinner. Service was awesome, food was comsi comsa. I had the steak dinner with vegtables and mashed potatoes (steak was a bit undercooked for medium). My girlfriend had the veal with vegtables and potatoes which was pretty good.

However the wine was delicious. I would recommend just for the experience.Dined here over the weekend, thought the change was great. Posh seating, inimate curved booths facing the view, swanky new lighting...love the new look.

The menu has changed as well, although the prices has not. Still fairly expensive, but food quality was great. We shared appies, and I got to taste everything. Mussels were really good, calamari was chewy and so tasty! I had the Paella and few bites of everyone else's steaks and risotto, everything was tasty, came while it was hot, and it good portions. Some of us had to pack the rest of our meals to go. 
Overall very pleased with the food. (The old tower restaurant food was always dissapointing).

Service was good, and they certainly tolerated our rowdy intoxicated state.They have a new fun cocktail/cosmo drink list too.My husband and I are big fans of revolving restaurants so for our 4th year anniversary, we decided to go and try out Sky 360. We set our reservation for 7:00 but since we've never been to the tower so we decided to go early and check out the view from the deck. Entrance fee to the tower is free if you have a reservation at the restaurant.

We went to the restaurant 10 minutes before our reservation but we were seated right away. Although we were not exactly by the window, the table we had faced the windows and offered excellent views of the city.

We started off with soups. I had the Butternut Squash soup which gave me that comfy feeling all over. It tasted really fresh and was just at that right soupy-not-so-rich consistency. My husband ordered their soup of the day which was a beef and mushroom broth but there was really nothing special about it. We also ordered calamari which by far is the crispiest calamari I've ever had.

For my main I ordered Pork and Digby Scallops which is sooooo good! Crispy pork rinds, seared pork belly and scallops, what else can you ask for right? I totally forgot that I was watching my calories when this came to our table. My husband ordered the lobster cannelloni which is complemented by a very flavorful creamy wine sauce.

Our dessert, the Gelato Sampler came with a little "Happy Anniversary" chocolate greeting and candle which I thought was really cute (and yummy!). The flavors were hazelnut, spumoni and black forest. After having a teaspoon of each, I wanted to take home all three in pint (ok, gallon) size! They were all good but the black forest is probably one of the best gelato flavors I've had ever.

Although the price isn't really easy on the budget, I thought that the view, the service and the food were worth what our bill reflected. It's not that type of restaurant you'd go to for every day dining but it certainly is one of those places where you can get an excellent meal on a special day.Great view of downtown Calgary in this beautiful revolving restaurant.  The food is presented nicely, but food is not flavorful and service is so-so.Of course its a little pricey - so we went for breakfast / brunch and honestly... I would pay more for the service.  I had crab benny... good, not blow my mind good but very good.  My hubs had the skillet - cause he would only ever order a skillet if its on the menu... he didnt speak for 15 mins which leads me to beleive that it kinda blew his mind. My mom (grandma) had the spinach salad and she said it was really really good (notice the 2 reallys).  My dad (papa) had the traditional breakfast. He was happy with his good portion of bacon. Now here is where is gets the 5 star.  We took my daughter for her bday. She always wanted to go here and so for breakfast seemed the least ridiculous for a 7 (almost 8) year old. She order pancakes as did my other daughter and we have her friend with us too.  For some odd reason, cause she is a crazy kid, she didnt like her pancakes. Probably cause they were fluffy pillowy melt in your mouth goodness and she is used to my hard brick, whole wheat, packed with some flaxs and an egg for protein. LOL. So our lovely waiter noticed (we didnt say anything... he noticed) and returned it, tried to find something else she would eat and took the pancakes off our bill.  Not necessary. She is a picky pre tween sometimes and I am used to to. But regardless, brought her a little plate of hashbrowns which satisfied her, and then finished it off with ice cream. Our waiter was happy to take the time to take pictures of us all, as well - asked all the girls names and would address them each.  It was well well worth the extra money.  I was so happy we came here and enjoyed the atmosphere, the peaceful surroundings, the excellent service and the food was great.The view is good, service not bad. but food is bad. Last time I was there, the calamari had no flavor. Yesterday, my friend and I went again to join a team meeting; we ordered a trout and short ribs. The trout was okay but the vegi and potatoes were super salty we could not finish them. The ribs were a bit dry for me.The 5 stars is for the tingling feeling when you get to the glass! Lol! Never had this feeling at #cntowertoronto. Only at #sky360calgary. Came here for my UnicoHijo 18th birthday.Sky 360. You come for the great food and service. The manger Kutay was amazing at getting us settled in Had a client that did not eat meat they went out of their way to put together something vegetarian.  food is always great here the only thing is sometimes you really like a dish you will end up missing it as their menu change every 6 months. But you alway get an awesome experience here. Not to mention the view.I left here at 7:45 pm today and it's taken me until now to calm down enough to write a review of this place. I'm from California and planed this trip to Calgary and dinner at 360 was to be our highlight meal of our trip! I've never been more disappointed in a restaurant as I was tonight. We were a party of three. Order two glasses of wine. Both were served with gnats in them! Both! Clearly there is a cleanliness issue within the bar area or in close proximity for each glass ($12.50 Malbec) to contain a gnat! It took more than 10 minutes to flag down our server Courtney to rectify the problem. I asked that the next glasses be poured table side from a new bottle. Well, this evening got worse from there.... ordering was not an issue, as we had reviewed the menu a week prior and came in knowing what we were going to order. Be prepared to never be offered bread with a $10+ salad as a starter and if you do ask, it's a charming $3 upcharge for three stale grilled pieces of day old bread! I ordered a $50+ steak and I'm paying $1.00 a piece for bread! Try to figure that one out! 
So our salads finally arrive and my grilled Caesar was lacking dressing. No quality check was done after our first bites so I couldn't ask for more dressing until I had only about five bites left anyways. Oh, the dressing arrived, but I ate the dry salad prior. So my Rib Eye steak arrives (ordered Medium rare, to the rare side-specifically ordered that way) with all vegetables. I had requested NO MASH at all. The entrees are dropped off, literally dropped off and I cut into my rib eye. First of all cooked Medium-medium well and so much grissel I couldn't get the provided "steak knife" through it. I tried again and again to get a "bite" of beef without grissel. Ya I'll eat a rib eye with day but not grissel, no! Not here, not for the price they are charging! Finally Courtney swings by, but I had already given up on trying to cut a piece of steak and she sees my plate pushed away from me and STILL ASKS "How is everything". Well, I had to explain my situation. She grabs my plate (the one without mashed potatoes) and vanishes to the kitchen somewhere. She comes back a few minutes later, my plate still in hand, and wants to educate me on Rib Eye steaks and their fat content. Um, Courtney, I'm aware! But this was a butchering issue to include the grissle in the Rib Eye cut. I'd eat rib eye fat all day, but this? This wasn't quality beef! She held my plate as if she was waiting for me to tell her "ok I'll eat it anyways". Then tells me "well if you want another steak it will be 20 minutes" ok let me get this straight....a medium rare to the rare side steak is 20 minutes? Are you cooking it over candlelight? Do you think I'm stupid? Are you trying to get me to just eat this overpriced steak anyways? She leaves again, after I told her I would prefer a new steak and that, even though my fellow diners have two bites left, I was willing to wait. Courtney is gone, comes back a few to ten minutes later to tell me the "chef"(I will use this term lightly) suggests the strip steak. Claims is more tender and less "grissley " than the rib eye. I decide, let's do that. In about 5-8 minutes (that was fast) a BURNT ON THE OUTSIDE, raw on the inside, Strip steak comes out on a huge plate of mashed potatoes! This couldn't have been communicated to the "chef"? I specifically asked for ZERO mash on my plate!Anyways, I asked the red tie guy whom I only assumed was either a food runner to replace my steak without mash. He comes back and drops my plate off a vanishes. I cut into the steak. Not only is it burnt, it has a huge grissel streak on one half but it's also RAW! Not medium rare to the rare side, but raw. So now I haven't one bite of steak in my mouth! In over an hour. My fellow diners are now offering me bites of their dinner and guess what? Not one sign of Courtney anywhere. She finally strolls but and asks how my steak was. Well Courtney it's across the table from me and I've not had a bite. She walks away and it takes me another 10 minutes to flag down a hostess to find me a manager. I am now explaining what's happened and he just grabs my plate and wanders off. Courtney never returns. This Nick manager guy drops our check, after offering to get me something else, to which I decline because clearly I would be eating alone since my other guests were long done, and says and I quote "Ive gone ahead and took your steak off the check" to which I reply "I didn't have a steak" This manager did absolutely nothing to rectify this situation other than have a uninterested attitude that I hadn't had dinner, that the steaks were horrible or that I'm unhappy. Just cold, robotic and "who cares" attitude. I once again shared with him my dissatisfaction but all he was at our table to do was to run our credit cards. He walks away, but quickly returns with the general managers business card and says "here, you can call my boss is you want to"."JUST SAY NO."  If you want the experience of the tower, go to the observation deck and save yourself the trouble of the mediocre food and awful service of this "diner in the sky." For our reservation, we requested a seat close to the window. Upon arrival, we were seated at a tiny two top in the middle of the walkway with empty booths and large window seating readily available all around us. Indeed, we even watched as another party of two was seated at one of these spacious window seats 10 minutes after we arrived. Our table, apart from being in the middle of the foot traffic, was tiny and designed for cocktail consumption, not a full dinner. We requested to be moved, but were told that all seating was preassigned. And yet, throughout the initial part of dinner, we observed empty large tables and other parties of two being seated elsewhere. Then, a party of three sat next to us and requested to be moved, which they were, immediately, to a table FOR 6! Then, and only then were we re seated. It is beyond comprehension why we simply could not relocate in the first place. However, we were finally moved, so I suppose it worked out. We  are not normally picky, whiny diners but this experience was inexplicably sub-par. Perhaps McDonald's might have better customer service than this "olive garden in the sky." Also, the hostess could use a pair of pants or a skirt that does not belong at a place of ill repute.The place is absolutely amazing the place at night looks beautiful, but when it comes to the food it definitely ordinary nothing special with the price your paying I guess you're paying more for that view than for the food. So come here for the view not the food.We thoroughly enjoyed our time in the Tower and at the restaurant. Our 7:30 dinner reservation allowed for a 7:00 access to the observation deck. The timing was perfect as the sun was setting behind scattered clouds.

The menu selection and our entrees themselves were fine, but not overly exciting, maybe 4 stars -- but the service provided by Ryan and Emily brought our rating back up to an overall 5 stars. Emily was new to the restaurant, only her 4th day on the job. We recommend keeping Emily around as long as she wants to stay! Her demeanor and desire to serve were excellent. Thank you!Menu was good, view was good also, a lot of taller buildings took away from the excitement but still an amazing landmark, great way to learn Calgary's history. Love visiting the cityWhile we were visiting the Calgary Tower we decided to have lunch at Sky 360. 
The lunch special was chicken bacon penne. Which sounded awesome... but the end result wasn't so fantastic. Maybe the main complaint was that the bacon took over the flavour of the dish. The chicken was of low quality and almost had a hot dog texture to it. And to top it all off the pasta wasn't quite cooked enough. 
The fish and chips was a little better. While the fries were a spectacular well done colour, they were still limp. The fish itself was nice and thick with a great flavour, but the batter had an odd taste to it. 
The biggest complaint would be that the restaurant spun a big too quickly. You could feel it - not much but that is still too much. 
But as the one person sitting by us noted, if you're coming to the tower anyway why wouldn't you eat at the restaurant since it covers the tower admission.I was there the evening of  Friday Sept.16/11 with 5 other guests. We had reservations for 5:45 and were greeted and promptly escorted to our table. I should mention first that we arrived a few minutes early, and were allowed to go to the observation deck to look around and view the city. It was a good way to kill some time before our other guests arrived. (Yes, you get a free ride up when you dine in the restaurant)
After all three couples finally settled into our seats, our waitress came over and took drink orders.(The drinks came right away). One of the couples that was with us, was from out of town so the other two couples were engaged in conversation. The waitress had to come back a few times to ask if we had a chance to look over the menu. I have to say she was fairly patient since we took a good 20-25 min. before even opening our menu's.We all ordered appetizer's I had the Crispy Calamari $14.00, and so did two others. Two others had a mixed green salad $11.00, and I can't remember what the other had. For Entree's Four of us ordered 6 oz.AAA Beef Tenderloin $40.00. One one person had the Herb Roasted Free Range Chicken. $37.00. All in all the meal tasted pretty good the calamari was good it came with a dipping sauce, and the tenderloin was cooked perfectly. The only thing I noticed was, the items that came with the steak were different then what were mentioned on the menu on the website. They need to update the website. Also I think I need to mention the fact that the person who ordered the chicken said although it didn't taste bad, it wasn't anything spectacular.(They wouldn't order it again). We spent a total of 3.5-4 hrs in the Sky 360 and did about 3-4 revolutions and saw the twinkling city lights. I recommend a clear night, like the one we had and you can see the sun setting behind the mountains. When all was said and done the total with two bottles of red came to $680.00.  That's without the 18% gratuity they automatically add to your bill for a party with 6 or more people.
On a side note, the Sky 360 attracts people that are dressed to the 9's down to t-shirts and jeans. The waiter told us, it was because of the tourists that come to the observation deck and want a snack later with their kids. (they want chicken fingers). Also teenagers on their first date etc trying to impress.(VERY CUTE)Cold food ... I ordered that trout and the fish was cold and sausage was dry ! Picture was taken . Lamb was delicious and felt like the server was rushing us to finish our appetizers ... So I wasn't sure if that's because the main courses have arrived and they dot have a heater to keep food warm!??Didn't really like the food. I thought it was overpriced. I love how it goes around. The staff were polite and offered many things. Clean place which is the most important factor. After Calgary is more developed, the view will be more spectacular.A 627 foot tower in a rotating restaurant is a fine place for a great meal.  Sky 360 is supposedly the best restaurant in Calgary, so that necessitated trying it.

I started with the Tuna 2 ways, an appetizer with tuna tartare and tuna ceviche.  The ceviche had just the right level of spice to it.  Of course, after eating at Isohamma in NYC, I found myself wishing I had some doritos chips to scoop up the tartare.  

For the entree I had the pork loin and duck.  What a great combination, and both were perfectly prepared and very juicy!

Now, let me just stop here to dock Sky 360 -2 stars.  There were only 2 local wines, a riesling and a meritage, available by the glass.  And they were out of both of them.  I can get a nice bordeaux anywhere in NYC, so I like to try local wines when I travel to other places and this was quite a disappointment.  If you're going to bill yourself as the finest restaurant in Calgary you can't be having supply chain issues with local wine!  If you're running low, at least replace it with something similar until you can get your normal stock back in.

However, they earn +1 star back for the delightful chocolate sampler dessert.  2 chocolate truffles, flourless chocolate cake, and a chocolate mousse were the perfect dénouement for my last meal in Calgary.  

If you're a foodie you definitely need to come check this place out while you're in town.We went here for our anniversary last night. 

#1 - smelled like poo as soon as you entered the bottom of the tower. Smell continued up to "receiving area" up top. 

#2 - walking down a flight/2 of stairs to get there is kind of mental. What do wheelchair bound folks do? 

#3 - seating was ok, but place was packed with families

#4 - we had $200 in gift cards and thank JEEBUS because none of the food was worth what we paid. 

He had a $42 striploin that apparently tasted worse than the keg

She had a pasta they "turned" vegan as there are NO VEGETARIAN OPTIONS OR CREATIVITY HERE. 

Cocktails were good, beer was good, view is well, it's Calgary - don't expect much. 

Don't waste your money unless they re-do the menu, kitchen staff and quality of the food.This was our first time coming to this restaurant and we were highly impressed.  The negative comments on this website had us a little worried, but we wanted to experience the revolving restaurant anyways.  Our waitress was lovely.  She allowed me to taste the mulled wine before committing to it. Our meals were delicious. Apparently they just changed up the menu a few weeks ago, based on feedback from the customers.  My husband had the chicken and I had the ravioli. We would rate the chicken a 10/10 and the ravioli a 9.5/10.  The place was busy.  Our reservation was at 7pm and we were seated by 7:05pm. The atmosphere, service and food were great.  We will be back!My friend and I went here for dinner very recently, having just moved to Calgary I decided to treat myself to a potentially good dinner and great view. I had heard only good things about the restaurant thus far.
The reservation process was easy and when we arrived we felt welcome. Our table took an extra 10 min to be ready but that wasn't a big deal. 
First impression was good, however walking into the restaurant it is very clear it is in desperate need of an upgrade and renovations. We were seated at a booth that had about 3 rips in it, I looked around and realized ours wasn't the only one. Anyways our view was spectacular so that made up for it.
The menu is pretty boring and over priced. With the average price of entrees being $35 to $45, the portion sizes were good however severely lacking in seasoning of any kind. It's always a bad sign when you have to ask for salt.
The service was mediocre at best. The server did not introduce himself, there was no guest connection attempted. There were no recommendations or even an effort to find out if it was our first time there. He also never checked in on how we liked our food even once. As a restaurant manager myself I maybe a bit more critical of service but in my opinion good and attentive service can make all the difference to a dining experience even if the food isn't great. We actually wanted dessert but decided not to spend anymore money on a lack lustre dinner.
All in all if we could get our $175 back we would take it and go somewhere else where we would probably spend that and more. 
For people visiting I'd recommend spending the $18 to get to the observation deck as the views are gorgeous but when you are done go back down and dine somewhere else.Went for a lunch and I was pleasantly surprised. Finally coming here after living in Calgary so long just makes me regret not coming here more often. The prices are not that expensive compared to similar restaurants like Earls. Not to mention if you order anything on the menu you will get entrance to the top viewing floor. Right by the main desk you go toward the bathroom door and you can make your way up the stairs to the top floor. It was really worth it. The restaurant rotating feels a bit fast at first but you get used to it and don't even realize it after a while. 

I ordered the chicken BLT without bacon. It was really good I couldn't find nothing wrong. The chicken was fresh and really well done. The Fries were not greasy at all. My friend ordered the grilled double breast of chicken and although it was fresh it was lacking flavour. But one thing we both admired was how the food was kept healthy without excess skin or greasy items. 

While we were eating we noticed a family of tourists come in with 8 little kids and the staff was very attentive and friendly. On our other side was a group of professionals who were having what looked like a business meeting. Even with this difference I didn't notice any awkwardness. The staff was extremely nice. You can wear professional, dressy or business casual clothing and fit in just fine. 

Overall, I enjoyed this restaurant and will definitely be back :)Sky 360 is a revolving restaurant at the top of Calgary Tower. I've been to restaurants on top of tall buildings before, but this was a little different because Calgary Tower is not an office building; it's literally just a concrete tower with an elevator inside.  People who come to the tower can pay one "elevation fee" just to go up to the observation deck, or if they eat at the restaurant they can go up for free.

We made reservations over the phone on a 
Wednesday morning for a late lunch that afternoon. No problem, we were told, as long as we ordered an entree the price for going up to the top of the tower would be waived. We mentioned our reservation at the door on the ground floor, and they let us go on up (I suppose we could have gone up for free and then not eaten at the restaurant, but apparently Canadians operate on the honor system.) In the lobby there were pictures of the tower under construction.  Inside the elevator there are only three buttons to push: ground floor, restaurant, or observation deck. 

Of course, the beauty of a revolving restaurant is that you get equally lovely views from every table. The food itself was high quality. I chose to order the fettucini with game meatballs; I wasn't quite sure what "game" referred to, but I figured if I didn't care for the meatballs, I would still have the fettucini. As it turned out, the meatballs tasted just like any other meatball. My favorite part of the dish was the chunks of different kinds of mushrooms added to the pasta. The dessert I chose was labeled as "peach cheesecake", but in fact it was a small piece of regular cheesecake, laid on top of peach puree. It also included lavender rosettes, which were very floral. I almost felt that I could smell them more than I could taste them.

The meal was a little pricey, but it's clearly not the kind of experience you have every day. Well worth the price, in my opinion.My husband and I have visited the revolving restaurant many years ago.  This summer I was fortunate to win a gift certificate on Twitter.

We had the most enjoyable experience.

We planned the evening so that we would be dining at dusk.  Arrived at the Calgary Tower early and spent some time on the observation deck before taking our table for dinner. 

Appetizers were amazing. Ceasar Salad has so much flavour and the portion was larger than I expected.
My husband ordered the Meat Platter appetizer.  Pricey, but worth every penny.  Assortment of meats with bread & cheese, and serveral mustards.  Would order again!

My husband opted for the steak, he likes it rare and it came perfectly prepared.  I decided on the lamb - which proved to be the perfect choice.  Cooked to perfection, I have trouble describing in words how delicious it was. Again, both entres were larger portions than we expected.  

For dessert, we decided on the homemade Sorbet - again the perfect choice.  The trio of flavours were the perfect end to a wonderful meal.

We stayed for approximately 2 rotations.  We were in on the Observation Deck during full daylight, then for the first rotation it was beginning to get dark, but still light enough to see a great distance.  By the time the 2nd rotation started, it was fully dark and we enjoyed the lights.

There is really not a bad table - each has a direct view.  Service was excellant.  With the order of an entree, the cost of ascending the tower is waived. Lots of parking in parkades close to the Tower.

Most surprising fact of the evening - how large the portions of food were.  We will definitely return.I took in this restaurant hoping it would be as exciting as the tower attraction... not even close.  Don't waste your time or money.  The only thing good was the wine, and even that was overpriced for their selections.Had a wonderful evening at the Calgary tower on Saturday, Sept. 6.  The weather was as good as it get so the views were spectacular.  We had a 6:30 reservation for 4, were promptly seated and had a very personable and skilled waiter.  We started with cocktails which were perfectly mixed (often not the case in martinis) and followed with a nicely chilled white pinot grigio.  My husband and I shared the Tomato salad which was a hit and my daughter and boyfriend shared the caesar salad, also a hit.  My daughter and I had the Meatloaf which was wonderful!  My husband had the steak - cooked to perfection and the boyfriend had the lamb - his plate was almost licked clean.  We shared 3 desserts the cheese cake I loved, my husband loved the gelato and the cake disappeared.  I don't usually give 5 stars but I honestly can't remember and better restaurant night out in recent history.  We go out often usually once or twice a week and my husband goes out every lunch.  We selected the tower because of the view and the novelty, in the past the good has been very good but not great.  Bravo Calgary Tower - it was great!Very pleased with the service at this restaurant and not only was the view incredible but the food was delicious!! Would definitely recommend this place to my friendsThe ambiance, the phenomenal food, the great view of the city and the wonderful staff makes this place an amazing place for a great meal. 

While visiting Calgary, my friends took me here and it was the best meal I had the whole trip. The meat was perfectly cooked and the garlic mashed potatoes were to die for, and I don't even like mashed potatoes much. I didn't care for the cabbage but my two friends loved it so that's just a personal preference. Everything was a little pricey, but that is to be expected at a place like that. It was definitely worth every penny. 

It was a really cool way to see the city, and we went early evening so when we started the sun was up and when we ended, the sun was down and it really added to the ambiance. 

Our server was very friendly and very knowledgeable and gave me an excellent wine pairing with my dish. She was present without being overbearing. 

Ultimately, this is a great place to bring someone on an anniversary, though I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to see the city and have a great meal.Great lunch and amazing view! If you have kids or on a tight budget go at lunch. I brought both of my little ones and they did great!Ordered the scallops and pork belly ($20)  - came with one scallop cut in half and two small pieces of pork belly. Overpriced but good. Shared the Cornish hen and the meatloaf. Both were okay, not memorable. The view is amazing though so if you make a reservation for dinner, do it at sunset to make it count.Excellent food!   No complaints.  Didn't like the 18% tip mandatory for a party of 6 and up.  I had to pay $80!  Couldn't use my prepaid gift cards either because the manager was trying to request the full amount.   Also have a Happy Meal before you go. Portions are tiny.My husband and I are from out of town and grabbed a last-minute reservation. We arrived 15 minutes early and were welcomed by 3 separate people, told our table will be ready soon and to enjoy our meal. 15 minutes later, a woman asked my husband if he brought a dinner jacket. Since it was 40 degrees Celsius outside, he confirmed he did not. She informed him that he would have to either get a dinner jacket, or go buy merchandise at the gift shop to cover his arms. She said there was a dress code that was clearly stated on their website and we would not be seated unless he put on a jacket. We declined and went on to have a delicious dinner at Caesar's.  I'm still not able to find where it says gentleman's arms must be covered on their website. In fact, all I can find regarding dress code is that it's casual, as this is the cowboy culture of Calgary.Food was delicious, we got to go around the entire tower 1.5 times while we were there, great way to see the city!Sky 360 is not typically my type of restaurant, but a request by my husband for date night coupled with a gift card that we received a while back lead us there for an evening out together on a random Tuesday night. 

As we arrived early for our reservation, we took the opportunity to stop on the viewing floor. No matter how many times I stand on that glass floor, my knees are always a bit wobbly looking down, until logic takes over and next thing you know you find yourself doing a little dance 500ft above 9th Ave! 

We were seated in a fantastic spot, a round table facing out to the window. The restaurant does rotate and it must have been a windy night as I did feel a bit nautious at first. The body does adjust however and we were able to enjoy the views - pointing out the traffic on Memorial Drive as we sipped our prosecco and avoided rush hour! 

The quality of our food was excellent, although I did find the selection of starters slightly limited and only ordered a main. And even though we initially had the willpower to say no to dessert, in the end we caved and ordered a delightful creme brulee that did not disappoint. Sky 360 has a very convincing dessert menu!

Overall, this is a great spot and we had a lovely evening out. I'm glad that we gave it a chance and will definitely return again!

--
LWe went to Sky 360 for my girlfriends 40th birthday dinner and we had the most fabulous time!

Not only was the venue breath-taking - the service made us feel extra special. 

Our server was exceptional and she provided wonderful insight and advice with the wine and menu.

We shared starter salads and they were large portions. My friends ordered the Cesar which they loved, but we all agreed that my tossed green salad was better.

I ordered the scallops and they were melt in your mouth yummy! The pork was tender and juicy and there was just the right amount of seasonal veggies and little potatoes.

I highly recommend this restaurant for special occasions and date nights!We all know Sky 360 doesn't offer parking. I suggest you just park in the Core its 2 dollars after 4 pm and it's a 5 minute walk away! Great way to see Stephen avenue if you're new to Calgary!Ask for a round table facing the window to enjoy 360º of the city!Just so everyone knows everyone who dine at Sky 360 free pass up to the viewing deck for free so don't for get you camera.  But Sky 360 restaurant don't offer parking. You have to pay for that one!!!!UmClassy Ambience,I love this PlaceBest tip: eat elsewhere.Amazing view. Absolutely tasteless, flavorless food. Would never eat there again.We started with the bruschetta, which was delicious. For entrees I had the strip loin steak, medium rare. Cooked perfectly. My girlfriend had the seared pistachio crusted tuna. And strawberry rhubarb cheesecake for dessert.  It's a little more expensive than most places, but 100% satisfied!Feist! Came here on Saturday for my birthday and I was very impressed with the service and considering that there were 20+ of us. The servers did a great job remembering us, recommending drinks and food, resulting in a happy atmosphere and memorable experience. 

One thing I would like to note, however, is that later in the night they had club style music but not really much room to dance. And so you had this awkward situation where people were sitting on bar stools and barely hearing one another. If having loud music (music was good btw), it would be helpful to make some room for a dance floor (and not the small one near the washrooms).Craft is a massive beer hall with a 100+ beers and plenty of good bar food. We stopped by around 11:30 and place was fairly busy and it also felt like a nightclub as they were blasting edm and old popular music. We both got a flight of local beers and they were a decent sampling. The poutine was tasty, especially since we added pork on to it. Our server was helpful and friendly. 

It's a good place to get beers if you don't mind the loud music.Finally got into Craft yesterday.  The wait wasn't as long as the hostess said it would be, so that made me happy considering the last time I tried to come here the whole place was rented out for a private function.

There's really not much to say about Craft, except that there has been too much hype for a place with expensive beers and bland food.  The atmosphere is nice and the way they renovated the inside is amazing, but that's all that I really enjoyed about the place.

The food... let's just say, don't order the poutine.  What a waste of $11, I've had better poutine for less money at the Stampede.  The serving is small, the gravy was bland, and they hardly put any cheese on it (photo added).  If you like poutine, don't even bother with this one.  For a meal I ordered the Spolumbos Flatbread and my friend had a Pulled Chicken Sandwich on gluten free bread.  I also got my flatbread on gluten free crust, which was good but the sauce basically had no taste to it.  It wasn't the worst I've had, so I'd say give it a try.  My friend said his sandwich was boring and the chicken had no taste, so for $16 he's not recommending it.  

They do possess a very long beer list, which is interesting but some of the prices are quite high in my opinion.  It's very hard for a gal from the Maritimes to think of paying $7.15 for a glass of Keith's, not happening.  So, I enjoyed a nice Mill Street for $5.95, which seems to be standard right now.  My friend tried the only gluten free beer available, but at $8.10 a bottle, you won't want much.

The service was ok, not great but not awful.  Food came in pretty good time, but it doesn't seem like they spend much time perfecting it anyway.  Overall, I'd say I probably won't be stopping by here again.  I'm a gal who likes to eat, so with mediocre food there is no sense of me visiting this establishment very much.  Oh well, even though we spent our hard earned dollars on bland food at least we tried it.I remember being invited to Craft when it first opened. Being a celiac thought, what am I going to do at a beer market? Well my friend informed me they cater to GF. SInce then I've come many times. 

This particular event was for a friends birthday. We found out that whatever age you are turning, you get that discounted from your bill. So my buddy being 32, was glad for once to go out being older vs. young. 

We had an awesome server, when we got there it was busy at all, which we found strange for Saturday, but definitely didn't complain. 

We only drank this time, but they do have a small section of gluten free beer, as well you can get the pastas, pizzas and sandwiches gluten free. The pizza is super good. 

I will continue to come here for sure!Craft Beer Market is in a pretty large location where the old Mother Tuckers used to be on 10th ave.  Their claim to fame is their large selection of draft beer (at any given time, there are over 100 on tap).  They rotate in seasonal beers regularly, so their selection is always changing.  I love me some good beer, so I'm working my way through their beer passport (goal:  drink 100 different beers).  I typically stick to dark lagers or hoppy IPA's, but I've been surprised to enjoy some of the sweeter beer selections such as the Vampire Maple and the Steigl Radler (Steigl mixed with grapefruit juice... who would have thought?! It's delicious!).

This place is almost always busy.  They do take reservations for lunch, and on Sunday through Wednesday nights.  If you don't have reso's, it is up to you to scout out a table... this usually requires some patience, but the place is huge, so something is bound to open up eventually.  I can't comment on Friday / Saturday nights here (I'd rather come when it is slightly quieter and easier to find a table).  Since opening, their serve staff has gotten a LOT better (both from a speed and a knowledge of the beer menu perspective).  They still aren't perfect, but with all that beer, it can't be easy.

The food here is decent, and they always have something on special- whether it be their fish tacos, pastas or flatbreads.  They recently also launched a weekend brunch menu with some classic items (3 different Egg Bennies), and a few unique ones (Chicken & Waffles anyone?!).   I tend to come here more for the beer than for the food, but with over 100 beers to try, I will keep coming back.This was the first place we went to when going through Calgary to get to Banff.  The service was the best part of the experience (which was a common theme in Canada).  The food was overall good - I had the fish tacos, which were good but the yam fries were great and I couldn't get enough.  I had a local brew that they served in a cute glass.  I collect brewery glasses from around the world. Long story, short - Lorry the day manager hooked me up.  Amazing!  I would have recommended this place before this gesture, but now I highly recommend going to a place that has good food and this level of customer service.A solid 4.5 stars!
We came here for the first time ever on a Sat afternoon and had a great time!
Highlights - the space itself, terrific service and a fantastic menu with ample foodie choices! (pasta, burgers, flatbread, salads, steak, chicken)
Soooo many beers to choose from! If you are a beer drinker, this will be your new heaven. For non beer drinkers, the staff will attempt to win you over with some fruit beer and you will be SOLD if you are anything like me and want your beer to not taste like beer :). I liked all the cherry ones they were pleased to treat us to samples.
The hostess and servers love their jobs - it shows. Most Calgary service IMO falls down, not here.
Even the manager stopped by to chat, nice guy, hands on and obviously involved in the day to day operations of the restaurant.
We ordered the inferno burger (not made to order) with an up sell of poutine on the side and a margarita flatbread. Delicious. The burger was not my order but I had a couple of bites and prefer my burger meat medium rare and not well done but this is how they roll here. The pretzel bun was a wonderful addition that made this burger stand out.
The poutine was very good with homemade gravy, organic potatoes and Quebec cheese curds.
The flatbread was very good, make sure you get their homemade hot sauce for an extra buck on the side.
Our waters could have been filled more often but other than that and my burger meat preference, this was very close to being a 5 star experience.
There are TVS playing sport games but the background music at an acceptable level was 80's and 90's tunes.
My new fave casual spot for totally reasonably priced eats in downtown Calgary! I HAVE to come back to try the infamous Mac and Cheese!I like this place.

It's rustic and retro, wide variety of beers on tap, food is sweet but they served it to me on a wooden shovel which was kinda' fucked up seeing though my burger leaked more juices than a weaved basket full of water. Still delicious tho'

My waitress was extremely kind and made sure I was always smiling regardless of the fact the Habs had lost to the Rangers which pissed me off, but thankfully I was buzzed enough from the sweet happy hour deals to keep me smiling.

All in all, awesome place. Don't order anything messy on the menu, and definitely go take a piss in the urinals regardless of your gender because they offer so much privacy you could probably bust a #3 and get away with it.

Cheers, CraftWe ate dinner here tonight and it was great!  We came with our son and this place is completely family friendly.  The food ordered was the butternut squash ravioli, the beer can chicken, the TLT sandwich, the Yucatan chicken salad, and the kid's mac and cheese- there was not one complaint about any of these dishes- they were all delicious!  One member of our group, feeling a bit overwhelmed by all of their beer choices, asked the waitress to pick a local IPA.  The waitress asked several taste preference IPA questions and picked the perfect one!  This showed us that Craft Beer Market hires people who really love and know beer and care about taking care of their customers.  This is definitely a place to try!We really were not sure what to expect, but had heard positive feedback in the community about this place. We went around 6:30pm on a Saturday night, we're able to walk right in, grab a decent table on the pub side, albeit one of the few left, and get settled. 

Immediately this place reminded me of the Yaletown Brewing Company in Vancouver. Love the warehousey type feel and the option to sit on the pub or restaurant side was a nice touch. Being more of a wine drinker than beer (well sometimes) I was pleased to see they had a small but decent wine offering on their menu. We were also enticed by the Beer Club (not that we get out much with small kids at home) and decided to join in the hopes we would get back there more often even for the occasional brew. 

We grabbed some food...I had the appy size Baja Fish Tacos. Hubby had a Burger. Both were delicious. The selection of beers was extensive and we delighted in being able to try some new ones. Service was also great. In the end we can't wait to come back!Came here on a Monday evening and was seated immediately. I ordered a root beer (off the tap), a kale caesar with chicken, and a butterscotch budino. After tip - my bill was $35! Definitely a lot more that I thought my meal would cost. While the salad was definitely tasty, the chicken was a bit over charred. The root beer was also okay, but I wouldn't get this again. Dessert was great, but a bit overpriced as it was essentially a pudding/custard priced at $9.

While the meal was enjoyable, I think the prices could be a bit cheaper, but this is just my opinion. Also, they were out of the cider on tap, yet didn't erase it from their board which had us get our hopes up only to find out they were out!

Seriously though - that salad was SO tasty! I highly recommend it, especially if you're a fan of garlic as the dressing was FULL of garlic and thyme.I've been to Craft a couple of times because my sister works there. I probably wouldn't have chosen it myself, but I'm so glad I gave it a chance! Minus my car being towed out front (CHECK the signage before you park!) it was a great experience. Even though I'm not a big beer drinker, I love how many different beers they offer and I've had the pleasure of trying a few of their "beer cocktails" as well. It was insanely busy (on a Friday at 2:30) so if you want a table you have to get here early. I went back this past weekend for brunch and it was wonderful! No problem getting a table, and the food was delicious as always. The portions are absolutely huge! YOU MUST TRY the Hawaiian Ahi Tuna Poke! It is to die for! I also had a wonderful chat with one of the managers, he was great and seemed to appreciate my opinion on the place (such as how crowded it gets). Although I have heard people complain about the service, I've always been well taken care of here. Everyone has a smile on their face and genuinely seems happy about what they do. Craft is a great place that does need to work out a few kinks, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back. In fact I am taking my Mom here for the Mother's Day brunch! Can't wait to try more of what Craft has to offer.Holy F. I am very confused as to what to write about Craft. From what I can remember, this is what I thought of this place...

If your a person who doesn't mind standing in line for an hour like a tool to get into a bar, than this is the place for you. 

              - The only reason I ended up in here was because my husband's friend had a way to get us past the line. 

If your a person who doesn't mind standing in line at the bar to get a beer like a tool, because your waitress/waitor is a tool and takes 20 minutes to bring you beer, than this is the place for you.

              - Drinks took forever so I found my self wandering down flights of stairs to the  gigantic bar that was swarming with people, fighting my way through them all, ending up in some girls selfie, waiting at the bar, getting a beer, struggling to get through these people on my way back, all while spilling half the beer on my route.

If your a person who wants to down liquor and barely be able to hear the person next to you even if they are yelling directly in your ear, than this is the place for you.

             - Can't hear a damn thing. It's like your in a coup with a bunch of drunk chickens all squaking.


This may be the place for you, but definately not for me.Went there for burger week. What a rip off. Wasn't even close to the picture shown. Just a regular burger. Way over priced for $15.00 and dry.  Service was good. Go to A & W just as good and 75% cheaper.For my beer loving boyfriend, this place is heaven on earth. Set up what is probably the best man cave ever with over 100 beers on tap and the tastiest pub food around; it's never a question why it's always busy here.

Although I'm not a huge burger fan, CRAFT serves theirs on a yummy pretzel bun that takes their burgers to another level. I am in love with their fish tacos - spicy grilled basa on a bed of cabbage and pico de gallo and CRAFT's signature hot sauce. Throw some of their sweet potato fries with those and I'm a happy girl. Other food I've tried: wings (can't go wrong with these), fast food sushi (cheeseburger and fries wrapped in bacon presented sushi style - it was really the fact that there was bacon that I ordered these. Not that great, don't think I'd get them again) and the CRAFT mac and cheese (it's too spicy for my liking)

I like this place, good eats and good times. You can't go wrong coming here.Just plain terrible. 

Took a craft beer tour and CRAFT was the last stop. There we had some chicken wings and nachos and 3 tasters of their finest craft beer. 

VERDICT: One and done.I've been to Craft twice for food and drink - once on opening night and another time.

Opening night was a bit of a gongshow which was the result of miscommunications - nothing overly surprising. Chaos is atypical of an opening night anywhere. I'd managed to get one of the few beers they still had left on tap, and got their fast food sushi. The food was great, and considering the insanity of opening night our server was quite polite, and we saw her somewhat regularly.

The next time we actually were able to get a seat and a table was a Sunday night. Our server was extremely attentive. I just wish I was more of a beer connoisseur, because looking at a menu of over 100 beers was quite daunting. In hindsight, I likely should have asked the server for her recommendations.

For food, I had ordered the Craft Macaroni and Cheese. It was ok, but it seemed to be lacking in flavor. For my tastes, it also could have used more bacon.

I suspect I'll be back here if I'm in the neighborhood, but it's not something I'd go out of my way to get to if I was hungry.It's odd seeing so many beers on tap. There is a little flavour for everyone, and its obvious that whoever has decided on the selection knows what they are doing. Odd may not be the right word, but refreshing is dangerously close to pun territory. Let's stick with odd because the menu reflects this as well. Can you imagine what a '20 napkin burger' is garnished with? Another hamburger, albiet a very little hamburger. 

I went there for a bite around noon today and was pleasantly surprised to see brunch was still being served. After slaving over the monstrous beer list I finally settled on Amber's Sap Vampire Maple Lager. It went well with my fried chicken and waffles, the hint of maple washed everything down nicely. 

I like the irreverent. The interior resembles a barn, the menu contains items like hamburger sushi, wrapped hamburgers and fries that resembles sushi, and there is an air of friendliness inside. It's obvious management is willing to have some fun with this place. 

Unfortunately, it was not all 'chicken and waffles', I found the fried chicken to be a bit bland and hard to eat because of the monstrous amounts of breading. It was served so hot that I couldn't touch it for a little while, and even then I found it uncomfortable to eat. These gripes only amount to one star, I can't claim to be put out in any way, the experience was delightful. I will definitely be returning, hopefully on a Thursday when the fish tacos are only $2.50.I've been a couple of times now, and not sure it sits with me. Food and beer are comparable to other places and the crowd is too one-sided. It's unfortunate, cause the actual venue is nice. Staff seems to be comprised of unhappy college students. There's a low energy vibe going for what has so much potential. It could be one of those cases where the britches are too big for the ...We had terrible service. Upon arrival, the waiter turned us away. On a Monday night. "We don't like your type". 6 guys out for dinner. We went next door to Briggs. Fantastic establishment!Great selection of beers, but everything is a tad pricier than is called for. Food is decent but nothing amazing.

Good vibe with lots of young people out after work and all day on weekends. A solid after work spot for drinks.I'm really surprised that this place doesn't have 4 or  5 stars! The food was amazing!! Had the butternut squash ravioli, I am still craving it. The hubby had some kind of chicken cooked in a beer can and he loved it. Now I'm only giving this place 5 stars because of how good the food was it made up for the long wait time for drinks and the alright serviceHave been back to Craft, a few times now.
Service has been very good, and we enjoyed our meals.
Will return again.Came here for dinner as we had a voucher to use. Absolutely loved the layout! The beer selection is amazing and the service was great. I ordered the ribs and my husband ordered the brisket, at approximately $27 each we were expecting really amazing food. The dishes came out and they were absolutely tiny, barely any meat or sides. Extremely disappointing, I'm just glad I had a gift voucher and wasn't paying for it myself or I'd have been extremely annoyed. My husband said that most of his dish was sauce with very little meat. Overall it was a nice place with a good atmosphere just way too overpriced for what you receive.Doing a rating update. Went once more today, and was less than impressed with things.

Why do I keep going back to this place? I think part of me really likes the look and feel of the venue, and wants the business to do well. To be cliche, it's like a bad hangover of sorts - you swear you will never hit the booze again, yet soon after you are back drinking your face off.

We went for brunch post-Remembrance Day ceremony. We were showed a table, and our waitress came by and got us some water. Then, 20 minutes later (after having a chat with the hostess who came around), we finally saw our waitress again. Now by this point we'd decided what beers we were going to have, as well as what food we were going to eat. She only took our beer orders, stating that "we just suddenly got slammed and are short on staff".

I've worked in the food and beverage service industry in some form for a good chunk of my working existence. I understand that Sundays are a crapshoot of sorts at any establishment (especially anywhere close to downtown). However, it would have taken very little time and effort to realize that there were two Remembrance Day ceremonies within a 2 block radius of your establishment. With that in mind, it would have been a smart move to have called in at least 2 more servers. Rather than being a quick 1 hour brunch, this stretched into just over 2 hours.

Needless to say, our flummoxed server misheard me, so I got brought the tractor size pancakes rather than the normal sized. I felt bad for the confusion and the misunderstanding, but it seemed things were destined to head downhill from here. Our bill came, and we had an extra charge for toast we didn't order, but rather the table beside us did order (and likely didn't get charged for).

So CRAFT, after today's experience, I am quitting you. Permanately. Only exception might be if every other place nearby closes down and you are the only place left that serves beer. But since that's pretty unlikely, we are done here.

Random sidenote for the management - I get that maybe to you the CFL doesn't matter, but we were quite enjoying watching Edmonton get their butts kicked by Toronto when you changed all the TV's to NFL games. We didn't make much noise about it, because by that point we both vowed that we won't be back.

Review #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012Updating my rating... went for brunch today and experienced terrible service.

First off, shame on you, management. It's Remembrance Day and you're within blocks of two separate RD ceremonies on a Sunday, when people typically like to get brunch. Did you not think to put on an extra server or two for about 11am? Apparently not.

That said, after we were seated and received our waters, we'd picked out what we wanted to eat and drink but didn't see our server for another 20 minutes. Not even a drive-by to say "Sorry, I'm swamped... I'll be right back." We had to ask the hostess, who was walking by, about where our server had gone.

When she did show up, we wanted to order our beers and meals but she wouldn't take the food order. So, it was another 20 minutes before we got our beer & close to an hour after we'd arrived before we finally got to order our food. 

It wasn't THAT busy but the food took extraordinarily long to come out of the kitchen. The meals were, as expected, average. Would skip the sourdough toast in the future - dismal.

And, on our receipt, there was an extra charge for a side of toast. She took it off, but still...??? We certainly hadn't expected to spend 2+ hours getting brunch when we walked in.

Oh, and to top it off, they changed the channel in the middle of the CFL game so that 2 NFL games were showing instead. No, that's ok - we're only in Canada... wouldn't want to watch our own league.

The only reason why this isn't a one-star review is because we had a misunderstanding, which was a good part our fault, and she was very gracious about sending the meal back and rushing out the one that was originally supposed to be ordered.

If a group of friends want to go for drinks, I would consider coming. Otherwise, no plans on setting foot back into Craft. There are far better places.

Review UPDATE #1 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012Beer and mellow vibe. The place is huge and fairly emptied when we came. 

They have beers and cocktails. The beer was pretty tasty, I think I got one of their IPAs. We also ordered the cookies and ice cream dessert. Cookie was kind of hard but ice cream was good! Yum!I know a few people in craft's beer club so I have tagged along as they try to epically taste a menu of 100 beers from Craft's taps.

I think Craft has done something IMPOSSIBLE - I found a beer I LOVE.  I'm not a beer drinker so I should preface that... at best I tolerate beer and would prefer to sip something else.  But anyway - I love me a beer called Fruitesse that they have on tap here.  The beer clubbers I was with don't really call Fruitesse a beer... it's a fruity Belgian beer that tastes nothing like beer... but it's still a beer I quite like.  (there are 2 packs of it presently in my fridge for me and not my guests kind of liking)   I don't tell you this story because of their non-beer tasting beer - I tell you this story because they have such amazing selections here there is likely something for everyone.

Food here is deliciousness.   Flat breads are darn tasty as are their pretzel sticks.  others at the table munched cheese burger sushi - which looked so cool I would have wanted to give that a shot if I wasn't a vegetarian.   My friend curses the day they took fish and chips off the menu (what pub does that?).

Service is good (they beer clubbers have a regular server which might help that a bit).  The venue is huge but loud.  

All and all I quite like this place for the food... but the novelty of the taps would really speak to me if I loved my beer (and it does my friends for sure).

Review 18 of 30 in Yelp's 30 Day ChallengeIn an effort to find a pub that does brunch, I ended up at Craft. 

I like Craft. I like Craft because mostly my friend Parker works there (killer good bartender) so every time I'm there, I have a good time.

There are other reasons I like Craft besides the beer and Parker; the food is generally good and not too 'pubby', they have a vegetable plate on the menu which I really like and the stools are really wide and really soft.

These things considered, I headed to Craft for brunch.

The menu for brunch was more detailed than I expected and my breakfast mate - who normally will order two breakfasts - only needed to order one Trucker breakfast which was suitably giant.

The food was good, the bacon crispy without being too hard and the potatoes did not feel like an afterthought, which was a nice change of pace.

However, Craft did not do such a stellar job with the whole "getting our order right" thing.

My breakfast came out with sausages instead of bacon, sunnyside up eggs instead of poached; my friends' breakfast came without any meat at all and my toast was half sourdough (which I ordered) and half white (which I did not).

The manager did apologies for the screw-ups, got my breakfast fixed and brought out the meat that was missing from my friends' breakfast; but my toast was never fixed and we were never compensated for the mishap.

To be fair, I don't expect to be compensated for every little mistake and I can understand if sometimes wires simply get crossed and things go wrong; but I do expect a little perk for four screw-ups on the same order. (maybe 10% off? free coffee?)

Fortunately Craft has good food, good beer and is usually crowded which I like and I have yet to be there on any evening where the food came out that wrong or my beer wasn't full; so I will probably be back, but probably not for brunch.

T.So...many...beers. Anytime I'm looking to try something completely different and want to switch it up from going to one of the many National Beerhall locations, I come here. I went on a Wednesday and they were featuring their Alberta beers for $5/pint. A great way to encourage beer drinkers to buy local. They also have excellent mussels!Really torn on this place. Our server, Sheena was amazing! We had a big group and she took such good care of us. Beer was great, we had a fun time, but the food was just ok. Love the Gluten free choices, but the steaks most of our guys had were were either over cooked or way too rare.  Lobster lasagna was mushy and the pulled chicken sandwich was ok, but when i think of pulled Chicken I think of slow-cooked and full of flavor, which this was not.
Like I said, torn. Could be such an amazing place to come for eats, but they need to pick up their food.Good Brunch. Bad Service.
Went there for Fathers Day brunch. Had a reservation for 11:30 and was seated about 10 minutes later. Food was good. Our server Sabrina however was not. We ordered 3 flights of international beer and she brought us the local beer. When we asked her about it she said she rang in the wrong one and that was it. Not can I get you the correct one or an apology....nothing! We never drank the beer and she didn't take it off the bill either. Then at 12:45 she told us we would have to move as the table was reserved for 1 pm. Very tacky. They never told us that when we made the reservation or when we checked in with the hostess. That was very unprofessional .I've been to CRAFT a bunch of times now and I personally love it. 

It's got an upscale pub vibe with an amazing beer selection. Even when the place is packed, the extreme ceiling height doesn't make it feel like it's crowded. 

I've only been there for lunch or drinks, so I haven't tried a ton of the food. Although I have tried the Baja fish tacos and they were amazing. I wish that I could buy the CRAFT signature hot sauce. 

At some point I'm going to have to try the 20 napkin burger, which is actually four 4oz patties topped with bacon and beer infused cheese. It sounds epic (read: giant). It even has a mini burger as a garnish..

I'm also interested to try the Crave seasonal beer infused cupcake for dessert. I have no idea what this would taste like, but it sounds interesting.

Here's the full menu: http://www.craftbeermarket.ca/our-food

They also have a beer club that I can't tell you about... It's the first rule of beer club.

http://www.craftbeermarket.ca/beer-clubWhat a great place! Kind of a training ground for staff! The managers seem to sit at the bar after their shift which seems the norm! Bar staff are good! But under the direction of drinking bar managers! The food is great and good timing bit there seems to be no real order! A restaurant can run but the staff know how to hold it together but don't know how to run it! Train the staff to run the responsibility so you don't have to manage as much because that's not working! It's not that busy here on a good Friday! Why make more work when you can train staff to do their jobs! The bar is great! They know their beers and do great times! Food is on time too! Bar is now really awesome on all their service! So with all the beer selection great food you need to come here and enjoy the get serviceLove the refurbed warehouse open concept, but it is not well executed. Bad lighting, loud reverb, awkward seating, cigarette smoke wafting in... what a shame! 

Same offerings as the Edmonton location and you can add to your beer 'passport' here as well (if it works, that is). The Calgary venue is larger (Edmonton's upstairs patio notwithstanding) but much less cozy and friendly. The two of us were seated upstairs at an awkward split table meant as a 6-top, where the lighting was terrible. Service was OK, but how frustrating is it for the servers and guests to have to yell to be heard and to repeat themselves? The cig smoke was annoying in a 'seriously what decade are we in' kinda way. Music was so loud at 6:30 p.m. on a Friday that we elected to stick to drinks and eat elsewhere. Then the NHL playoffs on TV were changed over to Entertainment Tonight, WTF? We were happy to get out.

Such a miss!! The Edmonton location does it better IMO. Great beer, great food, but crap ambience, we won't be back.This review only addresses the beer, the staff, and the ambiance. We didn't order any food so can't comment on it.

Fantastic selection of beers on tap, well split between European imports and local/regional craft beer, with a healthy sprinkling of American craft beer. We sat at the bar and ended up chatting with Ernie, one of two cicerones. He recommended several beers and all of a sudden samples were piling up in front of us. He was super knowledgeable about the beer the bar served and we both opted to order quite a few pints of many of his recommendations. Other staff were also really friendly and helpful. Such a great experience. This will be the first bar I head to next time I'm in Calgary.I'm from Southern California and was in Calgary for the weekend working the UFC fight. I was cruising around and found this place. Awesome atmosphere and loved the open feel to the layout. I wasn't starving but ordered a Spinach Chicken Salad with a side of sweet potato fries...excellent choice. I ordered a few IPA's, the Big Rock and Rose...pretty good but being from a beer city like San Diego I wasn't too impressed.

Overall, the service was excellent and the waitress was extremely helpful deciding on what I should order. I would recommend this place if you want to bring a few friends, grab a beer and get some awesome food with plenty of people having fun around you. TV's were all playing sports programs, so I was super happy.

Cheers!

JBWe came here for lunch as a group of six, and ended up spending a couple of hours due to the fantastic craft beer selection!  For lunch, most of us had the Mac n cheese, which was delicious.This place is really big and a great way to spend an evening with a group of friends. It used to get too crowded and people had to line up in the street in very cold temperatures, but due to other businesses opening next door, that's not the case anymore  =)
In my two experiences, the servers have always been professional and I have not been able to find anything wrong with the service!Don't go when it's busy unless you know staff or management. It is blatant how "regular" people are treated second class!
Went with a dozen mid 30's for a birthday and got pushed out of a table for owners friends. Watched dozens of people walk past the line up, if they were young in short skirts, or paid the doorman. 
Lots of better places than this!Craft isn't great. I don't know. I don't think it's really fair to take every single domestic and "import" beer (you know, in the way that Keith's import)  widely available in the city, add a fancy bar, barn-like ceilings, and call brag that you have 100 beers on tap. 

Just a generally silly place, I think. I did have some sort of sampler deal with 5/10 of their ciders. That was good, and I think fairly cheap coming in at around $7. My friends ordered their Margherita flatbread which was honestly just terrible. Like a big cracker soaked in salt water, slathered with ketchup.

Service was pretty good, but there is literally nothing to draw me back to Craft. Someone might have been able to clean up the bathrooms though. Would've been nice to have some soap for washing my hands so I didn't have to walk out to the bar and ask for some.

The bar did have a decent after-work crowd, probably hailing from Banker's Hall. Who cares? Not me. This place can't be around for very long.I think Craft is in this weird spot between a normal bar and a nicer upscale restaurant that I just don't understand. Their menu consists of stuff that isn't as varied or good as what you could get in a restaurant but also not plain enough to be satisfying as bar food. I mean they don't even have things like fries or onion rings on the menu. They also don't have as many beer options as other fancier bars and a more limited wine selection that is worse than most restaurants. Their vegetarian options are limited but I have tried the flatbread, which wasn't very good. The beer float is not my thing either. Overall, their food is just ok and pretty pricey to boot. They also don't have any special beer that I know of which isn't available at other bars. Their check in offer is a free high five from a bartender, which sounds kinda dumb but I would have still used it had I not been too afraid to ask because everyone looked so surly. Honestly, I don't think I would ever pick Craft over National right next door.I've gone to Craft a couple of times in the first month of its opening.

I had lunch on the second day of its opening and the food was excellent but service was slow as their internal systems were being ironed out and am sure this will improve over time.

The food fare includes more upscale burgers, salads, flatbreads than you would find at your neighborhood pub. The beer selection is fabulous and I would highly recommend the beer sampler which offers 6 - 4 oz beers for $9. Would rate a 4 star if service turnaround time improves.They have a big selection of craft beers and the waitstaffs have excellent knowledge about the products they have. Food was really good and a really good place to just go watch a game.having celiac makes enjoying a night out hard, but they were awesome here. several beers to choose from and the food was delicious. servers were very understanding and attentive, which was very appreciatedI enjoyed my night here and a part of me enjoyed having a large array of beers available in front of me, but I think some of the negative reviewers have a point (I enjoyed this: "Just a generally silly place, I think." - Peter A.)

It's a big place with a chain restaurant feel that has decided to go with 'more is better' yet market itself as something different.  I'd prefer a small place with character that actually focuses on craft beer.

At least Craft actually does have some good beer on tap that you don't usually find elsewhere.  Ignore half of their list and pull a lot of money out of your pocket and you'll enjoy some nice stuff.Let be honest, it is what it is here. Lots of beer on tap, food is pretty ok, servers try their best to be as prompt as possible, and Friday + Saturday nights are generally a gong show.

If you want to have a million choices of beer on tap then this is your place - but try not go during any rush hour beer traffic.About 100 beers, a good portion are locally made.  They list ABV, but not IBU.  Limited cider and gluten free selections.  The service was friendly and they put up with our large group.  A-OK, 3-star.Went here last night for a few drinks and light food. Ordered a cider and found out after ordered that they were out. No big deal at all, I just ordered another drink. While waiting the manager came over and apologized for being out and offered to make me a drink that he said I'd love. He came back with a cocktail of ginger beer, grenadine and 7-up. It was amazing, delicious and completely unexpected. The service and attention to customers is top notch here, the servers are very attentive, drinks excellent and the food delicious. We had nachos - normally simple but everything was fresh, locally grown and just perfect. Definitely a top place to go downtown, if not all of Calgary!I had been craving CRAFT Beer Market's edamame hummus since I first tried it back in May. As today was my birthday and we were going to be in Calgary I thought I would give in and head back to CRAFT just for this delicious appetizer. Even though we were staying in a hotel a good half hour away we made the drive in to pick up a take out order just for my birthday. We drove straight back to the hotel and when I opened the bag I found the tasty little flat bread pieces, vegetables, shishito peppers and NO hummus. I was very upset because this is the one thing I wanted for my birthday not a cake not a big fancy meal just edamame hummus and flatbread & veggies. 

My husband in my defence called CRAFT and told them how upset I was with a couple choice words and all they had to say was well if you can dive back we can throw in something extra. 

UMMM... Obviously they weren't listening or they lack problem solving skills as my husband said from the get go we were half an hour away and it was already 11:30 (they closed at midnight). All I can say is I'm extremely disappointed the one birthday meal I wanted I was let down. Guess I'll just have to make my own version and share the recipe with the world so others don't have to put up with shotty customer service.I love this place even though it's usually busy sometimes!! Good burgers, food & plenty of beers to choose from!! You can ask for a sampler of the beer too!!It's just not as good as it should be.

There seems to be a prevailing trend in restaurateurs to open funky beer establishments without the most important ingredient, GOOD BEER.

I went on a Tuesday, which is $2 off every beer and cask night.  I went specifically for the cask that didn't exist.  They have a beer club as well but it takes a well trained staff to push anything in a restaurant and she didn't.

Service was bad.  I was there at 4pm, the place was empty except a dozen staff and it was still slow.  They just know nothing about serving or beer.

The location and building are great, and for that alone I give it a few stars.

The food was OK, I had the steak sandwich and they gave me a steak sandwich.  Nothing fancy very simple.

Value wise, go for the specials.  Beer here is expensive.  Almost prohibitively so, if I didn't go on a Tuesday I would have walked out.  Beers start at 5.50 for domestics and not even for a pint and go up to 9.50 for the actual good ones.

I will not likely go back considering the other options in Calgary.Craft is alright. The house beer selection is decent, though not great. The food is decent, though not great. What floors me about the place is that I can get rare beers that I really like. For example, Boddingtons, Kronenberg and Anchor Steam. An unexpected plus. I don't really like the environment though. It's too noisy and often times they pack people in. It's worse on nights where the upper level is reserved. Lots of TVs so you don't miss the game.I'm liking Craft! I don't know whether it is the total mixture of the types of clientele there, or the fact that the restaurant itself is kind of casual yet upscale, or the fact that its got tons of different kinds of beverages available for the variety-lovers like me... or a combination of all these, but it hits the spot. 

The place is always crowded, and that's one of the best things about Craft. It creates a buzz. I like buzz. It makes you feel like you're part of the cool crowd. Yes, that might be total propaganda, but let me believe what I want to believe, okay? For real though, if I am going to go out and grab a drink with friends, I want to go to a place that's buzzing. True, I have not had to wait in line (sheer luck though)... If I had to wait in line, I would probably not been so happy about Craft. 

Anyway, their wings are pretty decent, the staff is good and conversational, and their beer is damn good. If you're into sweet/fruity/girly beer like me, ask for the grapefruit beer. I did not want to remove the glass from my lips while I downed that thing, and then I wanted more. Its that good. 

8/30Such a popular place in downtown Calgary. This place is constantly packed! I love Craft, and I'm so happy they will soon be coming to Edmonton so I can enjoy the many many beers they have on tap! I love the rotating flights of beers you can order, and the food I've had here has been pretty good! The servers are always friendly, but there are definitely tons of people here so if you want a seat on a weekend evening you best get here early. This place fills up!I'm sad to see the average review of this place is only 3 stars. I don't write a ton of reviews but I felt like I needed to disagree with the current reviews. I live in Seattle but come to Calgary often for work and so I eat out a lot. I've been to SO many restaurants in Calgary and this is one of my favorites for food. I love fine dining and have been to all the fancy places in Calgary and have had mixed experiences. Some great, some mediocre. 

But at craft, I love the selection of beer and the food is great! The ambiance isn't my style but I often just grab a booth and use the free wifi to get some work done. I won't down-rate it for the ambiance because there's nothing wrong with it - it's just not what I'm looking for at this stage in my life. 

They have so many amazing Belgians on tap, incredible! The service has always been great. And I just love their classic burger on the pretzel bun with homemade pickles and sharp cheese, yum!! Sooo good. I've had their lettuce wraps and other items too, also delicious. Their sweet potatoe and their regular fries are both perfect and sometimes it's hard to choose because they just nailed them. I tend to prefer to eat really really healthy but this is the kind of burger I make an exception for, I just love it. 

I always make a point to come here when I'm in town for work and I've always had great experiences. Excellent food, service and beer on tap. The ambiance is great, if you're looking for social hour and meeting people. If not, you can do like me and bring your laptop and be anti social. It's all good. 

Overall, Love this place!Cool ambience!!!... Good music!!.. A loooot of beers (even when I didn't try them, the menu has more than 100!!) ... The wine is ok, and the cocktails were not bad... I would definitely go back there.. I really liked the place and the music...CRAFT has a great location and a great space.  The night I went it was PACKED.  Thankfully my friends had snagged a table.  Our server was very attentive even though she was having to plow through the crowds to get to us.  

I wasn't feeling deciding on a beer so I said "Surprise me".  She brought me their grapefruit beer which was awesome.  I would go back just for that  beer!  I hope to go back soon to try out the food.Typical pub food nothing special. It taste good and our server was very friendly. The tables are wayyyyy to close together. Great selection of beer!Pros- Beer Selection, Innovative food,  lively atmosphere
Cons- Pricing, Crowded, inconsistent staff

Craft is a solid place, but it caters to the masses. The last 2 times I was there, not a single seat was available, not even at the bar. There were remarkable amount of empty chairs that apparently people are sitting in.

Similar places like Buzzards, 1410, Wurst, and possibly the 2 other new beer places (The old Brewsters and National Beer Hall) have more character and less cattle call mentality, which the barn decorations remind me of constantly.    

The staff members seem to be run off their feet quite often. I have had many servers, but the extremes stand out in my mind, the one who knew about every beer, and a second who mostly didn't drink beer and couldn't recommended a single one.

When you find a seat, this place is fun, but it can be very loud, it helps to order multiple beers at a time, as servers can take a while to come back. 

Pricing can be a little wonky, as unfamiliar but cheap European beers can be expensive and quality foreign beers can be inexpensive.

My experiences have been inconsistent, but I continue to return.This is a pretty good spot. Lots of TVs around for everyone to watch the game and the food is pretty good as well. Really friendly service. I'll admit that I didn't have any alcohol when I went here so I can't really speak for the beer but everything else was good. The classic burger isn't on the level of great but it's okay. The mac and cheese is awesome though.

+ Friendly service
+ Good wait time

Can't think of any real cons besides the noise level being really loud, but that's what happens when you pack a ton of tables into tight spaces and combine that with beer and sports games. Pricing is moderate and appropriate for the food you're getting. I'd probably come back just for the mac and cheese honestly, haha.CRAFT has a cozy atmosphere, attentive staff, and a fantastic selection of beers and food. The overall vibe is pretty laid-back (in a good way). Services are reasonable as well.

I came here late on a Monday night so there weren't many other customers at all; still, considering it was close to closing time, my bartender ensured that we were taken care of.Good place for a drink and pub food with friends. Always very busy....Maybe I am getting old, but it is way too noisy for me! Music blaring, raised voices etc....tough to park because it is downtown but that is expected.Beer selection is unbelievable, food was pretty good, nothing out standing. Cool building and atmosphere. I had a good time!I've always liked this place. I'm not a drinker, but I am definitely an eater. Food here is great. Last week I went for YYC Burger Week, and it did not disappoint. This was my 2nd favorite burger after the Blowfish Ramen Burger. The pretzel bun has such a good texture and flavor. Remember that feeling running home on the last day of school? Imagine that feeling wrapped up in a burger with a pretzel bun, and you there you have it. 

Only tough part is finding a table on a busy night. You walk around forever and you start to feel like an american soldier searching for WMD's in Iraq... but WMD's you desperately want to find... with food on them... OK it was a bad metaphor, but you get it. Hard to find a table.Loud, fun, good variety of drinks.

I got their flight ("6 pack") every beer was distinct and interesting. Loved it.We enjoyed Craft.The beer was excellent with lots of choices.The food was also very good.The appetizers were half price and tasted fresh. The service was friendly and efficient. The whole place felt comfortable and spacious and the washrooms were modern and clean. I will definitely be back to Craft!Very good service, great selection of craft beers. Knowledgeable, pleasant (Alessandra) good music. A great place to grab a beer and some wings after work.  Very enjoyable.Despite the fact I sometimes feel that Craft is a corporate experiment designed to "dupe" me into liking it, 
Despite the fact it is OFTEN crowded, loud and hard to find a seat, 
I have to say, I'm a fan!

The beer selection is pretty dang good, but with 100+ beers on tap, some are bound to run out from time to time. Like the Rolling Stones said, "You can't always get what you want."

The last time I visited, I was surprised that the food is actually pretty dang good as well! The fish tacos are quite delicious; fresh and tasty with a nice amount of spice. I also had some of the flatbread pizza which is also quite good.

My final insight of positivity, which tips the scale in the above-average realm of the spectrum, is in regard to the specials. Throughout the week, as well as various times during happy hour, you can get some great deals on food AND beer. They have a variety of "specials" on certain nights and occasional special events.

Overall, I would not wait in a huge line to get into Craft, but I am certain I will visit from time to time when craving some tasty bar bites and some highfalutin beer.I been wanting to try CRAFT for quite some time, (ever since I heard of the over 100 beers on tap) so my friend and I decided to go for dinner Saturday evening.  We arrived at 7PM and it was already very busy but luckily for us there was a nice table that someone just left so we scooped it up!
Our waitress came over to us once we sat down and I was impressed with variety of the beer list and I have to say that it did take quite some time to make a decision! Once I did however, our drinks were there in a matter of minutes. 

We settled on what we wanted for meals and I was prepared to wait for a while for our dinner to come because it was so busy but I was pleasantly surprised when our order came out 10-15 minutes later.
I had ordered the brewmasters chicken sandwich with fries, it was huge and I could only eat half but believe me I wanted to eat the whole thing in one sitting because it was SO GOOD! 

I was really enjoying the whole experience (the ambience, the diversity of people, ect.) Until 9 PM came rolling around then the place turned upside down. The music was raised to double the volume, it started to get so busy that people were just crowding into and around every table, the diversity turned into a loud bar crowd and every time we were almost done a glass of beer groups of people kept asking us if we were done yet and if we were leaving because they wanted our table... We weren't done and no we didn't want to leave but the noise and crowd got unbearable so we decided to give up our prime real estate.

Overall my verdict is: Great food, great beer, good service but only before 9PM. (at least on the weekends, weekdays might be different)Came here with friends during a short trip to Calgary. VERY spacious place with tons of seats and an endless list of beers for you to choose from. A very well done place for people to chill and relax. 

Food wise, it was mediocre. The nachos were HUGE (definitely recommend ordering, but then again I'm biased since nachos are my #1 loved bar food) and the blue cheese burger was good. The pretzel bites and the Mac and cheese were other items that I would not want to get again. 

The sheer number of beers here will seriously overwhelm you. Over 100 different beers? I still can't tell the difference between a lager and an IPA! Or all these other terms for beer, for that matter. Regardless, they make it easier by grouping them into sections, and the servers are helpful about it. 

One thing that ruined the experience (apart from the bad food choices) was the lack of wifi. Tried to communicate with the server several times to get the password, but apparently there's a problem and it cannot be accessed... couldn't Instagram the food on the spot D:I had a great time here. Tons of excellent choices, the food is good and I love the decor. Plus we wound up chatting a lot with the owner, who is super friendly and (obviously) beer-savvy. We liked it so well we actually stayed in town an extra day so we could go back and try more beers.Came for a drink with friends and enjoyed the environment. Clearly this is a place for beer lovers, but what I admire is the fact that there are really awesome cocktails and some decent wine and hard liquor options as well. I've been to other beer-centric places, and they've always lacked the additional options for those of us who A) can't enjoy beer or B) just don't want to (this probably sounds like heresy to anyone who loves beer!) 

Service is really friendly, as well as knowledgeable, which is a plus, considering just how variable the beer menu is. We didn't dine on this visit, but the menu looked pretty appealing. 

I suggest the Gin Cesar as an alternative to beer - it was a really nice choice.Well, I gave it another chance, and nope, the place is still hopeless. Still a giant wooden echoey cowshed, cheekily ambitious prices, and has that arrogant impersonal 'too big to not care' of a chain of businesses that get enough custom from the dumb herd that they feel they can do anything they please and charge what they want.

Alas, they get away with it, because enough people are stupid enough to tolerate it, or think this is 'normal'.

The owners also apparently run: 'Commonwealth Bar' a bar that's actually a club,  that leaves its customers queing outside in -30c weather being half empty inside, and then has the nerve to charge you to get into a glorified IKEA room set sprinkled with odd props that look like rejects from a Ripley's 'Believe it or not!'.

HiFi Club, A hipster haven I hear. Never been.

Una, the only bright spot in this cluster of painfully trendy venues.

Oh well. Another pub bites the dust, lets see if that new Jameson's 'Irish' pub is any better on 17th ave. After all, you can't open up a pub in Calgary without having some 'theme' now can you?Large place with a ton of beer, but often not enough seating and kind of pricey.  Food is pretty goodI often end up at CRAFT for group events or work related things as they are really good at accommodating large groups. They have an upstairs area that can be sectioned off for private parties and there's some good spaces for large groups on the main floor as well. Since they are just a short walk from many of the office towers downtown they're well located for the downtown crowd. They have a great selection of beer, although I must have bad luck because they are usually out of my first or second choices and the food selection covers most of your typical bar fare, they also offer brunch which have tried as well and it's pretty good.Great Spot- In town for a conference and discovered Craft while wandering around. I had a flight of local brews with the best breakfast tacos I've had in a long time. Very personable staff , great experience overall.I was here once last summer for a friend's birthday and it was lots of fun! My second visit was yesterday, Easter Sunday, where my family and I attended for the Easter brunch buffet. 3 times a year Craft puts on a holiday brunch buffet (Easter, Mother & Father's Day). 

It was fantastic!

Our server was super friendly and her coffee game was strong. Never let our cups drain to empty. That's the best thing a tired mom can get on Easter morning! Plus it was really good coffee! 

The food was delicious and replenished before it could be empty. There was a wide variety of options, including vegetarian dishes, that spanned between breakfast and dinner choices. There was a carving station as well as an omelet station. A charcuterie table as well as a raw bar. Oh, and a dessert bar. 

I liked it so much that I'm already booking my table for Mother's Day! 

PS, check in and get a free high five from the bartender!I just moved to Calgary from Vancouver and I have found my new favorite hangout. I was super pumped to find a tap house that serves Rogue Dead Guy. Its my absolute favorite. Also the 20 napkin burger was ridiculously fun. A burger so large its garnished with an other smaller burger?Great place to catch a game, especially if you're looking for something better than typical pub grub. Awesome fish tacos & shrimp tacos!This place is always busy and it's hard to get a table but it has a good atmosphere, the music isn't too loud so you can talk, and it's a good place to meet people. I've ate there twice, both times were excellent. The ahi tuna appetizer is amazing, probably the best I've ever had.  On the weekends they pull the bar stools at 9, so if you want to eat get there early.I'm giving CRAFT a 3 star because I've only been once. I really enjoyed the atmosphere - but was very loud.

I'm not a beer drinker, tried a mojito and meh, wasn't the best. Too sweet for my liking.

The food, however, was VERY good. I was looking for a gluten-free meal, and perused their menu before my visit. I was a bit disappointed that their gluten-free wording was a bit misleading - you cannot order gluten-free wraps.

We ordered the ribs to start. Wow, those were really great! I was expecting typical small dry ribs like you'd get at Earls, but these were juicy and big (you only get about 5).

I ended up ordering the fish tacos with gluten-free shells after debating between that and a burger. (I really wanted the spicy tuna wrap, but couldn't get a g-free option). The meal was really tasty, even the garden greens were delish.

The waitress was very helpful, and I'd definitely return!I really like Craft. Not to shame National next door, but I would rather get to Craft (first lol)...

Food menu is not too huge, but kitchen work is excellent - way ahead and beyond what mot of the "bar-restaurants" commonly offer.

Service is also excellent, at least in my experience. And overall decor and atmosphere are positive and nice.

And there is plenty of drinks to work on - this is where Craft really shines! Quite a bit to choose, and a great representation for local beer. If that is what you need, you should go Craft.

But you may also go there for food and a good place to spend time with friends, too.Am surprised by the low reviews. My experience was fairly good. We avoided a 45 min wait by eating at the bar and our bartender was excellent! There was a problem with our champagne being flat a couple times but she made sure to keep trying until we were satisfied. The ambiance is hipster, nice decor, I really like the hanging air plants. 

We ordered the mussels and sausage which was excellent and plentiful for the price. The market fish was a bit pricey for the portion, but was still very flavorful. The one tortellini that accompanied it was very good. 

Overall, I recommend if you don't mind spending a little more for good gourmet "locally sourced" food.The open seating concept is quite challenging, because it's often like a war zone in here. I've been sitting down with a friend in a 2 seater table, and next to us, at another 2 seater table, 18 guys show up. No room whatsoever. Coats everywhere. Waitresses can't get by. This is pretty much how the whole bar is like after work every day. Fire codes be damned!

That being said, if you can get here on an off time, the beer is absolutely amazing and so is the selection. Food is also quite good. It would be nice if they just started seating according to their actual availability and not just try to cram everyone in.I've never been motivated to write a review before but my experience here was so unwelcoming I wanted to share it so others are prepared if the should venture in.

A friend and I spent a recent Saturday morning moving boxes; as a thank you I offered to buy him a beer. Our first choice was National on 10th but it was closed because of the recent flooding. We wandered over to Craft and as it was about 11:30 am it wasn't terribly busy (I'm sure people weren't aware they were open either because of the flooding). There may have been about 20 people out front and the back was empty.

Even so we were greeted by a fairly aggressive hostess; we assumed that it was seat yourself since it was a pub - she didn't say otherwise but positioned herself between us and the tables; there was no way we were going in without her as an escort! She waved some menus at us and tried to herd us to a tall table. There was an open table right beside the window where the cool breeze was and we were hot from moving boxes in the sun. When we asked for that table she hummed and hawed then finally said because we weren't part of a large group we could't have that table. In retrospect I should have lied and said we had 3 friends coming but I got all principled and after sitting at the rickety table right by the stairs, far from the window, for about 30 seconds, we got up and went somewhere else.

The idea of a drinking and eating establishment is to make people feel welcome, not to treat them like the unpopular kids in high school. I'm in my 40's and life is short. I have no time for the Craft approach to customer service.

AvoidBouncers are aggressive and harassing.  They are looking for a fight to fill their angry needs.  Look out. They WILL ruin your night. They ringed ours, and we weren't close to done or drunkA group of us went in on a Sunday evening for post conference bevies and dinner.  There was a solid crowd which is always a great sign. The atmosphere is def uptown hipster with lots of exposed pipes and a draft selection that will meet the needs of the trendiest of cool kids.
 The menu is large enough to offer variety without going in too many directions.  Pasta, pizza, apps, burgers but all with a modern twist.
  I enjoyed the bacon mac n cheese-lots of both bacon and cheddar and plenty leftover for lunch 
    Our larger group was well served by friendly wait staff.  I would go back again especially with a group!Went here during Stampede and it was packed! It has an awesome barn-feeling vibe with big industrial piping along the ceiling. How can you go wrong at a place with 100 beers on tap! I love the decor and atmosphere. It is a huge venue with a really unique menu! It was packed because of stampede and yet the service was still great and the food delicious. I can't wait to go back after stampede and see what it's like!Some coworkers from New Orleans were working with us in Calgary for a week, so as a farewell before they left, my local coworker suggested we take them to Craft.

Now I had only heard of this place and had never strayed in so it was new for me as well.  We stopped in on Good Friday around 7ish and the place was already packed with people.  As one of our American guests commented as he looked around "There are more beautiful women in this bar than there are in all of Louisiana" Agreed.  

We stood at the bar enjoying a pint when my stomach looked up and started screaming in its squeaky voice "Help meeeeee! Help meeeee!" Fine.  Time for a bite.  I decided to have something light and satisfying and picked the crab cake sliders.  They were alright.  Unfortunately, this was definitely not fresh crab and the cakes were a bit on the dry side.  The saving grace was that it had a pretty good flavour beyond the crab itself.  I'll give it another try some other time and update, hopefully reflecting the positive reviews made by other people.

As for the beer selection, it's very impressive and worth trying a few, and the service is good.TLDR: Craft beer market and many bars use inefficient outdated serving methods that harm profitability. 

I SO dearly wanted to like this place, as was very excited to have a place that did beer that I could not get elsewhere. The same guys apparently own Commonwealth Bar. Sorry, Club. Sign says bar but it's a actually a club. Fire that sign maker!

I was disappointed. Guilty, I'm a beer 'snob', although I think it more accurate to label it as 'Beer Nazi'. Yes they have lots of beers, alas many of them is macro swill.

Being in it, I just feel like I am in a giant factory, a milking shed, where I am just a number to be dispensed beer. It's too big, the ceilings too high, the decor too hard, that makes a giant cacophony of voices, music, echoes etc

. The distance to the benches on one side, over to the bar, and a glass wall on the other, with other patrons behind it, has to be at least 40 feet. It feels like I am in a home depot, only with seats and less lighting.

There is very little to intercept reflected sounds. No smaller partitions from floor to ceiling and smaller roomlets. No curtains, limited carpeting. (again the facination with high ceilings of this owner chain baffles me) High, uncomfortable chairs, too small round tables.

Pretty but understaffed overworked, and undereducated (not their fault) in the beer world, servers. Overpriced beer. $9 for london pride IIRC. Zero head on the beer.

I think, that in having 100 lines, they have just created an unmanagable situtation. A good pub doesn't need 100 lines. What it does need, is say cut it down to half that or less, not stock the macro swill, and increase to at LEAST 10 cask lines.Having 100 beer lines isn't anything special, if many of them is just stuff one can get elsewhere. 

And this one boggled my mind. Asking the server about the cask ales, they were out of it. I asked about when the next lot is in. Tuesday and Thursday if I remember were cask nights. It was a Thursday. It all goes in 15 mins apparently.
I thanked her civilly but this made me incandescent inwardly. UM. SO JUST GET MORE? ORDER MORE??!? GET BIGGER CASKS?!?!

Also, realising that the pint I was getting, actually wasnt a traditional pint, as in an imprerial pint, 20 oz. 568ml. Noooo, its that bastard American rip off the 16 oz pint, or 473ml. It could well have been the 'sleeve' 12oz. Why they just don't call it a 'half pint' (10oz/284ml) is beyond me. Annoyingly, one can't seem to order a PINT of Fruli, no, one gets a silly little half pint branded glass thing. Some, nay, many pubs and bars in Calgary, just are not set up for bulk, fast, efficient service. Sticking with the bizarrely North American way of having a to wait for a girl/guy to some up to ones table, take ones order, then come back, in the time it would be quicker to do it oneself . In fact, I often just go into a pub and just go right up to the bar and order right from the barman/barmaid, and pay for that individual drink.

The other way, apparently, is called the 'London Bar' method. IE, one goes up to the bar, speaks direct to the barman/barmaid orders the drink, he/she pours it, you pay, tip optional, for each drink, and get the hell out of the way away from the bar for the next guy to order. It's rare to run a tab. Bar staff are typically paid a higher rate in the EU, so tipping per drink is normally not done.

The london bar method is faster and more efficient, if the bar is long enough, one can have 4 or more barmen, the bar can be 5 deep, and people still get their drinks. 

If craft beer market followed this strategy the complaints about slow service would vanish. Get the servers behind the bars, turn them into barmaids, inform the customers about the new fangled 'london service' method using table talkers, voila, problem solved. Pay the barmaids/barmen a bit more for the less tipping, watch the volume of beer sold go through the roof.

Also, the method about pouring shots into thimbles (or 'jiggers' as they say here) is pure madness. It's slow, messy, wasteful and one sees brandy being measured, then vodka. In the SAME thimble. Free pouring bottles of expensive spirit in a busy, wet-handed-bumpy-into-eachother, many bottles squeezed next to eachother on high shelves, type environ is lunancy.
The soloution is to use 'optics'. Devices that attach to 1.5 litres of spirit, which are then put upside down on a rack, which dispense 25ml or whatever oz is the legal min, in about half a second, turn around, pop in the postmix, and voila, drink made in 5 seconds.

 Enough ranting. Suffice to say, I have looked into getting a pub up and running, but the red tape and curiously cartel like methods to frustrate you has made me think twice. Friends have told me that running a pub with no Coors/bud/molson/canadian/keiths, and having no TV's. low volume music and cheap import beer would be crazy.

You know what's crazy? Opening another pub with the same stuff everyone else sells.Sure beats Mother Tuckers.  they did a great job converting this old space in the beltline.  With over 100 beers on tap it's hard to go wrong.  

They added some really cool foods to the menu as well.  Fast-food sushi?  Nice.  You should give that a try if you're a fan of bacon...and who isn't.  A couple of the bartenders are awesome, so I'd sit at the bar if you can...it's worth the experience and they really know their beer.  Other servers are a bit hit or miss, but they are still pretty new.  Overall it's a great experience.For a beer place the food is pretty good here. I've visited this location numerous times while in town on business and there are still some local Canadian beers I've yet to try.  While a majority of the beer they typically have in stock is readily accessible their draft selection is so large that unless you are trying to drink yourself into a coma you won't run out of unique options.

And my OCD completely loves their ability to server literally every beer in not only the proper glassware, but typically including the brewery's logo on it.  Makes for cool photos to stick on Untappd.We had a great experience tonight. A group of ten is never easy to handle but Stephanie did a great job. Service was on point, on time, attentive and everyone enjoyed the food 

Huge selection of beers. Soundtrack was good, too. Really enjoyed the evening.Have been here few times already with large group of people; the food is just average and I am not expecting exceptional food as this place is more like a beer house; great selection of beer, fun and live atmosphere.
The service has always been great, very good attitude by the staff.2.5 STARS. FOR SURE. This place looks uber warehouse brewery pleasant. That is the highlight. The rest is better found almost anywhere else. The beer I sampled was not impressive. The food was no knockout. Both beer and food were excessively overpriced. The equivalent could be found in upscale Vancouver for 1/2 price. I know, I was there recently at a 'real' Craft establishment that was unbelievable in quality service and price. As for service, the lady who served us called the Super Bowl, the Stanley Cup. True Story. I do not say this of many places - but I wished I had spent my hard earned after-tax dollars somewhere else. If you are looking for fun/friends/pick-ups/push-ups/hook-ups/silicone & botox then by all means enjoy. I would rather find life somewhere else. Once you get the bill and if one is not too drunk, you will know what I mean. You decide.Great selection of draft beer with rotating selection. Excellent casual food. Can't beat it. Family friendly too. Try the once monthly beer pairing brewmasters dinners.I had a business lunch at CRAFT a couple weeks ago, and I must say the overall experience was outstanding. Not to mention the place was packed...

The service definitely gets a 5 out of 5. From the hostess to our server to the manager, everyone was polite and friendly. Our server was extemely knowledgeable. She was able to make recommendations and answer questions about the beer, despite having over 100 different beers on tap. One of my associates was ceiliac, but fortunately CRAFT has several gluten free options and our server knew exactly what he could and could not order without having to ask the kitchen. 

The food is pretty decent as well. Just the care they put into the side salads (there's even nuts and strawberries on them!) exceeded my expectations. Most restaurants don't even have fresh green lettuce or decent vinegrettes. I've only heard to stay away from the poutine here. 

If you're looking for a sports pub, this is not the place, but if you're looking for a place to go downtown with friends or for a business meetup with good food, good service, good specials and an unheard of beer selection, CRAFT is your place.Caveat: It's been open for less than one week as I write this, so it's early to judge this place.

I went to the Craft Beer Market for its Grand Opening on June 15.  It's in the old Mother Tucker's space on 12 ave and it has been successfully converted into a vast draft house.  

The real draw is the great selection with 100+ beers on tap.  On opening night, most of the beers we requested weren't available yet which was pretty disappointing, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and time to work out the growing pains and see what's available next time.  And yeah, it took a long time to get a drink but the place was packed (opening night + game 7 of the stanley cup will do that) and the staff were doing their best.

This place is the opposite of intimate.  It's vast, open, and buzzing, but I would recommend it for groups or events.  I'm going to try it again in a month or two to see what the food is like and if they can maintain the beer selection they advertise.

Definitely worth checking out for the beer aficinados out there.Overall a great spot for dinner in Calgary. Full bar, hundreds of beers, veggie options and meat too -- if you are feeling extra wild, order the ice cream cookie dessert. 

Seating upstairs is more laid back, above the fray, with plenty of tables for larger groups. The nacho barrel is a huge appetizer  and a favorite of Marco.Whaaateveeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrr.

We sit at the bar on a slow night and get helped about 10 minutes later. Some beers are on special, just local craft beers or something for $5. Not really special, but ok whatever. We get our drinks properly served. All appetizers are also $5. Woman makes the mistake of ordering poutine and expecting something delicious, I get some wings.

The poutine was served in a miniature iron pan which makes no sense as no part of poutine is prepared in an iron pan. But I guess they did it to be cute. It's portioned pretty small and it had a weird fish taste and smell to it. The woman has had enough and doesn't want it replaced. The barkeep seemed contrite and took it off our bill.

My wings were, wow. Also whatever. Kinda like the wings at the Al Cove. The hot wing sauce is either franks red hot or sysco. zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz

They had a good selection of beer, but, I mean, the USA has been doing the 100-taps-of-beer-with-no-bottles thing for around 20 years, as has a bunch of bars in Calgary as well. Just like Calgary itself, this place is remarkably ordinary but purports to be something else.

On the upside, I imagine this is a great place to hang out and mack on people on Friday and Saturday nights. That's about the only upside?A place you can totally count on that will deliver every time.   I stopped by here with some colleagues after a conference for some eats and drinks.  A few of us had flights.  The local flight was nice to get to sample some local brews.  The around the world flights were not very around the world when we were there.  There was a Belgian and an Irish, the rest were from BC.  Food wise, their ravioli was to die for and their kale salad was great.   Defo order the fried pickles!!!  So delicious even tho I am not a pickle lover, I enjoyed it very much.  Nachos a bit pricey (so is most of everything else) but that's how it is at a bar.  Have a Guinness float or a fruli float to cap off your night.  Best idea ever!Went with a group of seven from work at lunch time. We were seated pretty promptly without a reservation, and were taken up to a large table on the second floor.  The food was pretty good, I had the appetizer fish tacos. The server, Kibby (?) was disinterested in our table of all young women, did not see if we wanted a second round of drinks or dessert, and failed to package up my colleague's mac and cheese 3/4 of which was left. She grabbed the plate, touched the garlic toast with her hands so it would not fall off the plate and whisked it away. For 24 bucks for a beer and a 1/4 of a plate of mac and cheese my colleague was choked, and when she asked where her takeout container was the waitress said she threw it out bc she thought it was not wanted. Perhaps a miscommunication, but I think she could have asked the question before tossing it, if she did not hear the request to take it home.
Great functional interior, good food, rude service.There aren't many spots in Calgary to go sample oodles of craft beer. But CRAFT is one of them with more than 100 beers available (though not all of them are on tap). I went to one of the opening nights at the beginning of the summer. I gotta say, I didn't come away impressed. None of the staff were familiar with the beers, the food was mediocre and there were loooong waits between server visits... BUT, it was the opening, I didn't want to base my review off of that.

I've been back a few times since for birthday parties, meetups and most recently, for a little 30 Day Review Refueling. Service has improved one-hundred fold, less and less beers seemed to be unavailable each time (on Sunday, they were only out of 5), and this last time, the food we ordered was pretty good. I'm a fan of the wings (we tried tangy buffalo) and the deep-fried onion petals. They had a squirt of lime in them that added a nice injection of flavour.

It's safe to say I'm a fan of Craft for a Sunday visit. Drink specials, 1/2 price appys, and not a ton of people. Craft's downfall, I think, is its size. So when it's busy, it's LOUD and it's difficult to carry on a conversation. Even in their private room with all of the panels closed, it doesn't get very quiet.

I'm on board with Sarah Louise and the idea that great pints are better served in atmospheres without TVs. And Craft isn't my first choice on other days of the week. But on a Sunday when it's not packed? You'd find me back there trying out another pint or two.

PS - Try the grapefruit beer.

Yelp's 30 Day Challenge: 22/30Disappointing.

I've been to Craft a number of times - mostly for drinks, occasionally for a bite to eat. I even had my birthday here. Primarily because my sister works there, but also I really, really enjoy the Ahi Tuna Poke. Its delicious. However, my last visit was awful and I was left really disappointed by my experience. 

During Stampede, a friend of mine decided to pop in for lunch. Standing at the door were 2 scantily clad girls, no older than 19. I walked right in, looking for my sister, and they asked if we had a reservation - to which we said no. They proceeded to tell us that we cant come in, there are no tables, etc. As soon as my sister saw me, she took us to a table and pretty much rolled her eyes, telling us they just tell people that when in reality there ARE tables available. For who - men? Arggh.

We were starving so we ordered a number of items. Unfortunately I did not get my Ahi Poke, as my lunch companion is picky, so we settled on:

- Lettuce Wraps: HORRIBLE. 
No meat, hardly any sauce. TONS of lettuce? Basically dry noodles and peppers, barely edible, so unsatisfying. I was pissed - lettuce wraps ARE NOT HARD and I should know, we make them all the time at home.
- Craft Burger: Yummy
Probably the only thing that saved our meal, we cut it in half and it was juicy and delicious. I really enjoyed the burger and ate every last bite. The only reason for the second star on this 1-star review.
- Side Mac & Cheese: Looked nice, but underwhelming
The flavors just weren't all there, the dish was poorly executed, it was a good idea in theory but we didn't enjoy it, there was also an odd spice to it, couldn't put my finger on it...
- Prosciutto Flatbread: WTF is this?!?!
Bland, boring, tasteless, prosciutto was non existent. I mean SERIOUSLY, guys. You cant just throw some tomato sauce, a couple pieces of arugula, and 2 measly slices of prosciutto on a piece of bread and call it a meal. It was SO disappointing. I had high hopes for this dish but was let down.

Our server was rarely around and we were left with empty drinks for quite some time. I've always sung Craft's praises as I've had great experiences but this one ensured that I wont be back for a while. Put some thought into your food, make sure your chefs actually CARE about what they're doing, get your servers to pay attention to us women, and then we'll talk. Until then, no thanks.We went for lunch as a group of 13 and received terrible service. We had limited time over our lunch hour so pre-ordered. Food was ready shortly after we arrived but after our food was delivered, we didn't see our server again until we waved  her down to get our bill. No one picked up our plates or refilled our water, and to my knowledge, even checked on our food. We had to wave down our server to pay, a process which took forever, then realized they tacked 18%  onto our bill for a tip. I guess that's why she couldn't be bothered to give even adequate service. Food was average. I will not be back.Had a chance to finally eat here and drink. I came for New Years but just danced instead of try anything. Last night was the perfect time to come. The place was nearly empty with people at tables here and there. Mostly people sat at the bar (which is amazing by the way).

We sat at a table. I love tall chairs so this was a treat for me. To start I had the fish tacos which my brother and I shared. We added one so that we got 4 rather than 3. They were amazing. What ever the spice mix is on the fish is to die for! I'm really picky about fish and it was fresh and seasoned well. The tacos didn't last long we pretty much inhaled them. I also loved the hot sauce that came with them.

For mains my brother got the sticky ribs. He shared one with me. OMG fall off the bone tender and so juicy. What ribs should taste like!  I stole some of his brussel sprout side (which I could have eaten a huge bowl of all to myself.) For my main I got the Halibut, again fresh and quality fish did not disappoint. Great flavours the entire dish was tied together nicely and everything rounded out the palate very well.

Amazing job Craft! I don't know why I haven't eaten here sooner but you might not get rid of me from this point forward. (Also parking on 10th on a Sunday evening is a breeze! totally worth the trip down!)Craft is located on 10th Avenue in the SW, next door to National.  Street parking after 6 is free but it's usually hard to find.  Of course lucky me found a prime parking spot right in front of National! Otherwise, if you don't get as lucky as I do, you can park in the parkade across the street and pay.

My girlfriend Amanda wanted to have her birthday dinner at Craft so we arrived at about 6:15PM for drinks and food.  Amanda actually made reservations but when she arrived, her name wasn't on file so we got seated upstairs in the boonies...that is until they found a table downstairs for us a few minutes later which was nice.  We had a party of 6 that fit in the booth, ordered our drinks and shared a Crafty Platter which came with taquitos, wings (we chose honey garlic), pretzel bites, tortilla chips and salsa.  I don't recall what everyone ordered for their mains so I'll base this off my meal and drinks.  I ordered a big kid lemonade (pimm's, cucumber, lemon) which was ok...nothing like Pimm's cup from National.  Yeah yeah I know....go to Craft and don't get a beer..whatevs!! The platter was quite good, the taquitos were crispy and soft in the inside, wings weren't anything out of the ordinary wings, pretzel bites were ok, they're pretty much little dough balls and the tortilla chips are addicting, nothing special...just addicting.  It was a perfect platter for a party of 6 with some wings and chips left.  Everyone raved about the mac and cheese so I ordered that as a side.  To balance out my guilt of ordering the oven baked mac and cheese, I ordered a Kale salad as a main.  The baked mac and cheese was delicious! VERY rich, I couldnt finish the whole side.  I enjoyed the crusted cheese on top whcih added a different texture and the cheese IN the mac and cheese was yum.  My kale salad was MEH.  Chopped kale tossed in a light thyme vinagarette with some granny smith apples and toasted almonds.  I found that the taste was pretty bland...I mean I guess it is just kale salad but if there were more apples and dressing I would have enjoyed it more.   Oh! It also came with two garlic sticks which were alright.

Our waitress was really attentive at all times, taking glasses away, asking if we wanted other drinks etc. which we all appreciated very much.  We were one of the groups that stayed a while and it didn't seem to bother her.  As the night went on, of course CRAFT got busier and busier and the music got better.  SPICE GIRLS?! Ohhh yes....Stop right now ;)

I'd say CRAFT is a casual restaurant with fresh local food made in house, classic upbeat music....a place to chill with your friends, have some drinks and laugh.  The atmosphere is loud but fun!!  CRAFT has Canada's largest selection of draft beer with over 100 on tap!  Next time, I'll grab a beer.We attended Caskapalooza at CRAFT and had a wonderful time! The beer was flavourful and the company great too! The food on the menu at CRAFT is hard to beat!I attended a function at this location. The bus and wait staff were some of the hardest working I've seen. Empty glasses , boom - cleared. Food - hot and yummy. Beer - its like Willy Wonka's and I was Charlie. I'm defiantly coming back.Came here on a Friday night with some people from out of town. I have to say, since this place opened up, it's service and quality has gotten much better. 

I tried a couple beers, and ordered the Belgian six pack, 6 4oz sampler of Belgian beers. It was a nice variety of flavours, and a good deal. 

Our waitress Brittany, was a doll. The place was packed, but she was always there when we needed her, and never took long with our drinks. 

So, silence all you haters. This place rocks!The only reason I can't give this place a 5 is because I tried one of their appetizers, the Mediterranean platter, and the falafel was not very good.  The hummus was very good.

In my opinion this should be a 4.5/5 only because it's a serious beer spot and I wouldn't expect exceptional food, although it would be a nice bonus.

The beer selection is very good!  They have over 100 taps and hey have great choices for almost any toe of beer you drink.  They also have a great balance between domestic and international beers.

The flights are only available in domestic and international.  It's a bit of a downer but I have been to other serious rap houses that will do the same thing.  In my opinion, I should be able to choose whatever beer I want in a flight and I should be charged the per ounce price for it.

The service is also very good.  We were sat pretty quickly and our beers got to the table relatively quickly.  We also had one of the managers check in with us to see if we were doing ok.

I was told to try their Caesar cocktail and I definitely don't regret it.  It was one of the best Caesars I've had!

I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that is even slightly interested in beer.  My buddy also told me that hey have very nice private rooms for parties.Massive amount of beers to select from on tap (deschuttes chainbraker IPA is awesome!). I didn't have any food, but they have very attentive and friendly staff. Their bartender Nate was fantastic during our stay and deserves recognition for being so personable.Unfortunately despite all my years of drinking beer, taking beer tours, and even borrowing a 15 pound "world of beers" book from the library. Any knowledge I've gained about the universal brew is lost whenever I have that pint every night. You know, the one you promise would be your last but it isn't.

Craft...is a little expensive but on a Sunday they do have drink specials. However, I ignored all this and went hog-wild on their grapefruit ale, spaghetti meatballs, and beeramisu. The grapefruit ale was great but not very beer-ish (I still had my customary pint of Kieths aftewards). The spaghetti and meatballs were delicious- a great suggestion by our lovely waitress. And the beeramisu was interesting...I would honestly prefer a classic tiramisu.

Still I'd go back to check Craft out again. The service was great and I really like the space. CRAFT Beer is HUGE! I'd love to check this place out when it's brim full of people.

SOCIETY BECKONS!

22/30Craft has over 100 beers from around the world! If you want to choose which beer is right for you before you go, you can take a "Craft Beer Picker" quiz on their website before you arrive...otherwise the servers are fantastic with describing each beer and even bringing tasters to the table if you're not sure.

Although I love the Kale Caesar Salad and wings, we ordered two entrees on this visit, the Bacon & Blue Cheese Burger and the Butternut Squash Ravioli both were $17 which was good value and price point. 
The burger came with a hand tossed patty stuffed with blue cheese and topped with bacon, caramelized onions, mayo, house made mustard, lettuce, tomato and pickles. It was juicy and delicious! 
The Butternut Squash Ravioli was also homemade and had a good amount of raviolis tossed in a Piri Piri emulsion (kinda spicy) and finished with toasted pumpkin seeds and squash chips.

The atmosphere was lively with good top 40 alternative music playing and both NFL and NBA games were on the many tv's that were easily viewed from all the tables in the restaurant.

This is my third visit and every time I just try more and more delicious food and drink. I love this place before a movie or theatre event!Gave this place a shot last weekend on my latest trip to Calgary. 

Seems like I have the same opinion as everyone else so far.

The place was packed, though they only had the main seating area open. The area on the west side was closed off. They had lots of staff working but they all seemed to be running around like crazy trying to keep up. They obviously have some kinks to work out to get a good system going between all of the staff.

Again, just like everyone else, not all of the beers were available. Because of the high ceilings I found the bar to be REALLY noisy.We came here for Easter buffet, it was pretty good. They have everything from fruit to seafood. They have friendly waiters, and seafood is really great they had smoke salmon and fresh oysters. They also have really good fried chicken and mac and cheese. Also very good bacon, omelets, sausages and lots of other great brunch options. Totally recommend there Easter buffet.Fun place for beer, obviously! Service is lacklustre , and unprofessional , though.
Mediocre food,,,,,,,disinterested servers......too bad as would return if that was improved upon. Perhaps spending a shift on training servers on how to properly do their job would help.......the place should be more than slowly bringing drinks.
Btw, these were not during super busy times.Last Sunday morning, I phoned craft hoping to make a reso for 30 people for that evening. There was a group of us finishing up a course and we wanted to head out for dinner to celebrate. We decided on Craft because we figured they'd have the easiest time accommodating us thanks to their already gigantic space.

I phoned as soon as they opened, and was promised a phone call back as soon as they had a chance to see what staff they had on that day and whether or not they'd be able to accommodate a group our size for a reservation, or whether we'd just have to take our chances and walk in. A couple of hours later, they phoned me back saying they had called in an extra server just for our party and that we could have their private room for 7pm.

From start to finish, Craft did what they could to accommodate us. There was the odd mix up (my best friend ordered a burger on a gluten-free bun and it came out on a regular pretzel bun... but was fixed quickly after that), and with a group our size, sometimes it took a few moments longer for drinks to make their way to their respective drinker, but hey, one server for a group of 30 made same day? I'm impressed Craft pulled it off as well as they did. Thanks for taking such great care of us Krystal! I was impressed that they'd gone to the trouble of bringing in another server just for our group instead of just telling us they didn't have enough staff scheduled.

Sundays remain my preferred day to hang out at Craft. It's not overly busy, so you can still hear everyone. Pints that are regularly $5.95 are still on for $4 (all-day happy hour). And the burger I had this time round was plenty filling. I haven't tried brunch yet, but I might do that next!Wide ranging selection of beer - including some nice sours and saisons.

They don't have the soup I wanted but sent over the soup they did have- I thought it was bland so they nicely took it off the bill. 

The wings were tasty - both salt and pepper and hot. The game were fried and then covered with salt or hot sauce . They came with carrot and celery .Just ate and drank here today on a family trip to Calgary.  Loved the enormous beer list, with what looked like 50+ beers on tap from around Canada and the US.  Food was outstanding as well, and service was prompt and friendly.  Highly recommended!Craft remains one of my go-to spots for many reasons.
 
Pros- Beer Selection, Vegan/gluten free food and Food Ethics, lively atmosphere
Cons- Pricing (sales and specials) ,  inconsistent staff and customer experience

However, it is a dynamic place and can have a shifting atmosphere, values and service depending on when you go.  

Monday to Friday it acts like a resto-pub and is a bit slower, good for hanging out with friends, semi-business meeting/meals and a more casual atmosphere, possibly watching sporting events (no volume on tvs). These days there are often food specials. 

Friday and Saturday Nights, it is more like a night club atmosphere (DJ and a small dancefloor), but people are very friendly.

Weekends its more of a family friendly place with morning brunch (Kids can visit til 8pm).

During major sporting events like playoffs Craft is like a sports bar, where the tv volume is loud and the atmosphere intense.   

I like to come when the beer is on discount Tuesday and Thursdays. They also have food specials too, $3 Tacos, 1/2 prices Appies on Sundays, etc. Check the website and twitter for their deals.  

Craft has over 100 beers on tap, but can also offer wine, mixed drinks and some nonalcoholic options for many different palates. With their rotating handles or limited production beers that change roughly every month, you can try a new beer every time you are there. Look at their seasonal beer menu and the 2 chalkboards for these limited-time brews. Always ask for a beer taster before ordering, as some beers sound awesome, but are not tasty for all. 

Their food options change less frequently but remain good choices. I have only been truly disappointed with the fast food sushi, otherwise, most things are a satisfactory or better value.

If you have time, comb the specials and beers and often you can have 3 beers and food for under $30. But it does take some time and concentration.   

Staff is inconsistent, but the more you go, the better they become. Once staff know your patterns and name, they anticipate your needs. They can get you a table, when it is busy, bring you new samples of beer and provide better overall service.I would only go here for happy hours. Smells like a high school kegger and the service you get is hit and miss. 9$ appetizers are good but local beer flight wasn't the best. Get the around the world beer flight. Wouldn't recommend to a friend. You can do better.The beau and I ventured in here to see if we could secure a table for eight on a Friday evening.  Luckily, they had room for us upstairs.  As we waited for the rest of our party to show up, we put down a couple of beer.  (Americans, notice that Canadians do not pluralize beers.  If you do, you'll look like a cluelessYank...like me...)

I had a lot of fun going through the extensive beer list.  Who knew Canadians made decent beer?  About 45 minutes later, our party showed up and we enjoyed chatting over several more rounds.  One downside, the music got progressively louder the later it got and I had to limit our conversations to the people sitting right next to me.  Lame.

We didn't eat anything so I have nothing to say on that (although I did see a massive platter of nachos that seemed intriquing).

I will remark on the chic, industrial decor of this establishment.  The exposed brick and large factory-like windows create a very casual and hip ambiance.Saturday, Sept 17 in the afternoon. Sat in the lounge on the main floor. It took two requests and 15 minutes later to get a server to order drinks. A different server dropped off our drinks and said "I'm your server now." The arugala and parmesan flatbread was tasty. My husband said the cheese burger was okay. Our friend ordered a $25 steak. He ordered it medium rare and received it medium well. When he alerted the server she took it back. He waited 40 minutes to receive his MEDIUM RARE steak. Not once did the server check on his order until he said something to her. Rob the manager came by when we were leaving to apologize. That's all well and good but he gave my friend a "free appetizer" card that expires by September 30 in place of a $25 steak.Typical Calgary service. Over promise and under delivers.Got to attend the Caskapalooza event yesterday. Had an awesome time. I'm glad Craft Beer Market is putting on events like these. Got a chance to meet up with some of the brewers across the province and have great chats with many others. 

Ernie was good for is ensuring our tickets were available when we arrived. The beers were very good and some, like "Hot Night in Thailand" were very unique. Great to see some of the craft brewers creativity on show. 

This was our first event attending at Craft Beer Market, and the experience was great. To busy having fun and didn't have a chance to sit down... :DWent to Craft to enjoy a night out in Calgary with a few people. Loved the open concept.

 The beer menu was excellent. 100 beers on tap was awesome. Prices weren't too bad. Food was great. The only negative thing I have to say is it is a bit loud in there, but that comes with the open concept. Would go back and tell friends to give it a shot.I am always happy when I leave here.  They have my favorite beers on tap and really good food.  I like to go on Sundays where the apps are half off.  I enjoy the atmosphere and think it is beautiful inside.I love this place, the food is very good, not over the top, but all you have to do is think about the name.... it's all about the beer. You won't find a better selection of beer period in Calgary. The 2 bar tenders I spoke with tonight we're very knowledgable about everything on tap, and beer in general. This my third time at this location, it has never disappointed.Another update...yet again. Unfortunately, it just keeps getting worse.

I was here last weekend for a friends birthday dinner. There were about 20 of us and my fiance and I were the first to arrive. The first server we had explained their policy about splitting bills - they were unable to do so with large parties but she assured us we would be able to each pay our tabs from the bill and it would come off the final total. We figured we would just order the same drinks throughout the course of the evening to avoid confusion and went on with our night.

During the course of our dinner, we had MANY different servers which made it extremely difficult to figure out who was taking care of us. After ordering, our food came out promptly which was great given our party size. I always love the Tuna Poke, but this time we did not get enough chips and the chunks of tuna & cucumber were WAY too big to be scooped up. My salad was quite delicious but the chicken looked to be of the pre-cut, deli variety. 

Towards the end of the evening, we had a new server bring out the bill. I asked her if I could get a copy of it to see how much I owed so that we could pay for our items separately. She kept telling me that a guy from our table would cover the bill, and we could pay him directly. I told her that just wouldn't work for me, as I didn't even KNOW this guy, and I planned to pay with credit card - plus, the server before her told us we could pay for our items individually. She then told me to go to the ATM downstairs, she was "way too busy" to be processing "20 different debit cards" to pay for the meal. Ummm, excuse me? But that is what you deal with when you have a large party and a big bill (and therefore, an automatic gratuity). She was just being a HUGE bitch about it and I'm seriously SO DONE with giving Craft 2nd and 3rd chances when they keep royally screwing up. I'm sorry, but when the server wont even let me pay my own damn bill, I'm gonna be pissed off. Even writing this review has me boiling.

By the way, once the manager is back from appearing on Big Brother Canada 2, hopefully they keep him out of the kitchen. Otherwise, you can expect a disgusting amount of boogers in your food judging by the frequency in which he picks his nose.Ripped off on Father's Day !
All $5.95 beer was on special for $4.00 (excluding seasonal), I ordered a Big Rock Dunkleweisen, first and then a Big Rock Scottish Style Heavy Ale, the other three people's  beers were as ordered. We ate and when bill came, surprise, instead of Dunkleweisen I was charged for Dunkle $9.05, and $5.95 for the Scottish, waitress said she repeated Dunkle, yea IMO short for Dunkleweisen and the Scottish was seasonal. Both statements were BS, but instead of making a scene, I will not return and certainly won't recommend it. 
The food was just Okay at bestAmazing restaurant and the best service I've had in a long time! I wish I remembered the server's name from this afternoon. We had the mac and cheese and squash ravioli and we are both officially addicted! Fantastic experience! I can't believe how much the server knew about all the foods and beers served.Had an excellent experience at this Craft location. Excellent beers and a great staff make this location far superior to the Southcentre Mall location. They have a great selection of beers on tap and good food. I'll definitely be back.Craft was a pit stop during a bachelorette party I attended this past weekend.  What a gong show.  As a thirty-something woman, I was grateful that at least half of the crowd consisted of my peers, but there's no need for mature adults to be shoulder to shoulder, yelling over loud music, fighting for service and spilled on without a hope of getting a seat.  The only reason we were here was because the doormen let us skip the line.  No one in our group would have waited to be a part of this circus.  

I wanted to ask questions about the beer but it was just too busy to bother.  Service was slow.  We tried to get a breather from the crowd by standing on the upper floor, just to be patronized by the male staff.  They worked hard at kicking us out of that area and practically held our hands as we were lead downstairs and encouraged to put our names on a wait list for a table.  No thanks, I'd rather leave than wait yet again.  

I would be thrilled about Craft if I were ten years younger and single.  I think that people watching is a big attraction here and it's easy to mingle because everyone's space is always being invaded.   If I knew exactly when there was no line-up and guaranteed seating, I'd dare to give it a second try.  Otherwise, forget it.I Usually like this place but when I asked if I could have the rest of my beer the Bartender said "nope" and walked away. Thanks a lot.20/30

Solid service, noise level was at a comfortable conversation level this Sunday evening and a decent veggie burger. Fries that accompanied the burger were tasty too. I also really appreciated that the waitress didn't pressure us in to getting up before we were ready, since we probably stayed another 45 mins. after the first bill was paid. 

$4 beers and hi-balls on Sunday nights and some appetizers are half off. What kept this from being a five-star review was that the veggie burger was a little on the dry side, and I really wish there was a dairy-free dessert option! But I do appreciate that the veggie-friendly part of the menu contains more than just a veggie burger or a bland pasta concoction. Yay, progress :).Today I met my Dad downtown for lunch. I recently started working just down from Craft and it's been a while since I've been there for a meal. I've frequented the Edmonton location, but not ours.

ANYway, the server was friendly, they sat us fast and all of the service was great! Nice people and quick! So it's a great place to go when you have a lunch deadline.

I  ordered the fish tacos, gluten free. And they were great! Nice and spicy AND the shell (which for GF folks is a corn tortilla) was NOT SOGGY! This is amazing and rare. So big ups to that. 

On the the side I ordered a spinach salad sans pecans, which was a bit sweet for my taste but still good and fresh.

All in all, it's a great places with TONNES of gluten free and vegetarian options to choose from. And if you have to get back to work, we could have been in and out in an hour no problem.

Highly recommend!I wish I could give -1 stars for my last experience at Craft. My husband & I went for brunch. We had modest expectations to begin with, because you should never set your sights high when going to a bar for brunch, but we weren't prepared for what a disaster our meal would actually be. We were seated in the back of the restaurants next to, I kid you not, five tables of six people with CHILDREN. I understand it's the middle of the day, but the last thing I want is a 4-year-old throwing cheerios at my caesar. Service was slow, probably because our server was caring for 30 people, one-third of which were under the age of five. My food came out cold, but even piping hot wouldn't have been worth the $10 bargain it was already priced at. I took one bite then asked for our cheque so we could go get breakfast elsewhere (I ended up with a crepe from La Boulangerie in Mission, a much better buy). Craft took care of our bill and apologized but I would have just rather they seated us away from the kids section and served hot food instead. I never really liked Craft to begin with, because it's ridiculously busy and beers cost upwards of $9, but now I'll probably never go back again. Two thumbs way down for everything you do, Craft.One of my favourite happy hours downtown! From 3pm - 6pm on weekdays and all day Sundays, you can get pints of all Alberta beers for $3. And there isn't just a few Village or Wild Rose beers to choose from, we're talking Banded Peak, Troubled Monk, Cold Garden, Fahr Brew, Theoretically Brewing, Six Corners, Common Crown, Bench Creek, Outcast, Half Hitch, Blindman and more! 

Local beers are $6.25/pint (or smaller if it's a really strong beer) anyway, but $3 makes it a no-brainer. I've always had really good service too, and particularly enjoyed a flatbread and the mac and cheese on a recent visit.

Pro tip: If you`re coming after work on a Friday, make a reservation! This place gets packed since, you know, $3 pints...They have a great selection of beer, but not such a great selection of other spirits!   The food portions were good but the food was rather tasteless.  I did like the rustic ambience and the staff were nice and fast.  Go to this place if you like beer and more beer!I remember when this location used to host Mother Tucker's, a mainstay in Calgary for many years.

It seems this location's kept the hardwood flooring, but the main area is much more open than before, which really highlights how large the area is.  I never fully appreciated how much space was in the venue.

I'm not much of a beer drinker, but I have to admit that they had a lot of variety.  No Sam Miguel's that I could see, but they had Sapporo, Fruli, a gluten-free option, and more.

The food menu looked interesting as well, although when I went, I didn't have much room in my stomach left to sample as I had eaten already prior.

I'm looking forward to going back though to try some more things in depth and to write a more detailed review.

22/30I feel like I do have to agree with Peter A's statement a little bit, about the "100 beers on tap thing".A lot of my friends who are brewers themselves had forewarned me not to go to CRAFT Beer Market as it would suck my microbrew loving soul. However, I am glad that I was able to check it out myself.
While I didn't get to try the food selection at CRAFT Beer Market, I did get to scan my beer menu and take my pick. I was happy to see so many pumpkin ales on the seasonal menu, and had a pint of Grizzly Paw's Jack O Lantern ale. It was pretty tasty, and tasted like autumn even though it feels like winter. 
While they have good beers on tap, it is just kind of like they have picked up on the trend of craft beers and have commercialized it a little more. The atmosphere to me, is the weirdest. I felt like I'd rather be at the Hop in Brew or Wild Rose or another one of my favourite breweries elsewhere itself. This place is huuuuuge, and has this pseudo rustic construction I can't really wrap my head around. I'm super uncomfortable in this environment, as I'd love to be just cozy.
The service was pretty friendly, but as this is a craaaaft beer establishment, I would rather talk to beer nerds with the time to chat about the offerings. While I really enjoyed my first visit due to the company, I don't think I'll be back to CRAFT unless peer pressured. I will be at a smaller, cozier pub drinking similar offerings or better, without being surrounded by twelve televisions. 

(3/30!)Beer selection is extensive and priced well. Food selection is good, small menu for food but seemed to be almost anything for anyone on it. I feel that the beer and environment is the main reason people go here, not specifically for the food but the food was great regardless. The only negative I have (and is not even a big deal) were the stools, they are pretty high and they are squeezed tightly at the table to accommodate as many customers as possible which made them hard to slide up to and out of the table if you were sitting in the middle of the group.Oh, Alright.
Time to poke my nose in here and put in another swell, no, swollen two-bits worth.
CRAFT, aw.....CRAFT. I truly NEEDED to Love Yee!
I live a block and a half away.
When I first heard you were opening, this close to my little nest, I instantly thought of signing a FIFTEEN Year Lease, on an Apartment I've been trying to get out of for 12!
The value of the neighborhood just increased by 300%,*mind you, in the Beltline that ain't tough to do. Dandelions would improve it by at  least 15.

So?
On to the Posies and the Punishment.

I went twice in two days.
Hey, Fish TACOS?
Yah, Baby Yah.
100+ Beer(s) on TAP?
An irresistible force.

OK, Here's the good news,
The place is young and fresh and vibrant and, and, and.....
What's fantastic is this.
I've never had a better tasting pint of Big Rock Traditional. EVER.
Bubbly, effervescent, just plain CLEAN.
Well, whaddid'ya expect?
New Kegs, New Lines, New Taps.
Ouchie Mama! Does it get much better than this?

OKee! Now lets dig in to those 100 Beers on Tap.
I'll have a.... a...wait,. let me take some time with the huge Beer menu.
OK I'll have a...Tapped OUT?
How about a....what? Tapped OUT?
Alright I'll try a.... Tapped OUT?

Day 1 I had an Okanagan Springs Pale Ale, I LOVE this stuff on Tap.
Day 2?
Tapped Out.

OK. 
They're almost brand new.
But on Sunday, after the Buffet was over, I ordered a simple order of fries @ 1:15, after which I was told the Kitchen wasn't gonna open till 2.
At 2?
Mistake, The kitchen won't be open till 3.
They finally arrived, on the house, at 3:20
After that I ordered a Burger, which was quite different but certainly not worth whatever it was not worth.
The gravy tasted like Vinegar.
Service was very good on Day 1, and piss poor on day 2 when it was a LOT slower.
Logan, Michael? You two rocked.
Rob (Manager) was convivial.

Now.
Newborns don't pop out walking, unless they're future lawyers and then they pop out swimming.... so I don't expect CRAFT to run like a well oiled unit for a wee while to come.
But?
I've prognosticated this to some of the boys behind the 'Wood'.
If you're waving the flag of 100 Beer(s) on tap, you've gotta' fly it at half staff until you can deliver. We're really new is a reason, but it's no excuse.
Which means you'll be in a boat load of Owie, come Stampede week if you're poop ain't in a scoop by then.
Stampede will be bedlam in there and you probably won't get much slack.

Sat next to a guy named Justin, who really knew his stuff, and I asked him to 'recommend the next', he did, about 9 of 'em in a row.
Each of them 'Tapped Out'.
AGGGH!
OK, 'yer new, 'yer new.
I expect a 4* rating in the months to come, and, if you finally pour me anything I order? A solid 5.

Over All?
Great Potential.
Work it, guys, work it.In theory, Craft should be amazing.   I love the oodles of craft beer that are difficult to find elsewhere, let alone on TAP.    

Unfortunately, they have NO identity and have decided to mix craft beer with the terrible typical Calgary club scene.   Playing awful music, cramming too many people inside, and having downright atrocious service.

If they had stuck with just being an awesome joint for getting a new craft beer, and creating a laid-back atmosphere this wouldn't mix in with the other 50+ crappy line-up-outside-the-door-on-a-friday-night joints.  

They've really blown their potential and its super disappointing.  I actually avoid going there and would rather just get my craft beer from Co-Op Liquor stores.  That way I can get SOME service.Yoga and brunch at craft was a success!! Took my mom for her birthday and she absolutely loved it:) can't complain about finishing a good yoga session with a beermosa. Thanks craft for helping me make this day special for my mom!This is just another overpriced beer hall with nothing unique to offer for food or drinks. The atmosphere is decent but thats probably the only positive thing I could say about craft.I joined a couple girl friends here for a couple bevvies early on a Friday evening and I was surprisingly shocked by how great this venue was.  It was huge and full of people having after work drinks.  I liked the dark wood and the size of the place.  It was great and full of people my age... not 18 to 20 year olds.  That got a star!

When I arrived it was standing room only so we stood for a bit and had our drinks.  When I went to the bar to get my drink I was served quickly despite how full the place was.  No waiting in lines at the bar for a drink.  Definitely worth one of the stars.

We went upstairs to see if we could find seating and we were to told that we had to put our names on a list and we'd be called, but the guy helping us(who appeared to be a manager) added us to the end of a big table with two other guys at it because we(nor did they) had any issues with sharing a table.  I thought that was great... no waits for a table!  Another star earned!

Our server was quick.  I wasn't planning on eating, but made the mistake of checking out the menu and the poutine nabbed me.  It was really good!  My favorite kind of pub type poutine with real cheese curds and dark gravy.  Really good and not an overwhelming size since I just wanted a snack before my later movie date.  The food and service was another 2 stars! 

I will definitely go back and take friends with me!  Lots of friends!I've been to Craft twice, once during VIP opening night and again a few weeks ago.

I didn't review opening night as it was an extraordinary event and I can take that into consideration in regards to our lack of service and the venue running out of both beers and food throughout the night.

My second visit was on a Sunday evening and, without a doubt, much calmer. No problem getting a seat (although we'd tried visiting at least once prior on a Saturday night and were unable to get a table, therefore did not stay).

The service was good. I had the Yucatan Chicken Salad, which was alright but could have a used some sort of unique "kick.". My dining companion had the Craft Macaroni and Cheese and said it would have benefitted from more bacon and a bolder flavour.

I'm not a beer expert but the list is long and there are lots of choices (perhaps too many for someone who doesn't drink a lot of beer). Next time I'll make sure to ask the server for his/her opinion before ordering.

Overall, Craft is a satisfactory place to dine, but it wouldn't be my first choice when thinking of places in the future.First of all, the space is amazing. Has a sort of airy warehouse feel, and a fabulous bar.

They have La Chouffe on tap. Holla! My bf ordered Hoegaarden.

We ordered bacon cheeseburger sushi, wrapped in bacon! They had me at 'bacon!' It was delish. I ordered a southwest chicken salad of sorts. It was a huge portion, and quite yummy. My bf had a bacon cheeseburger and fries. Overall, food was tasty and prompt. Pretty decent variety.

We then ordered a Belgium sampler, which was a promo at the time. Good deal for 3 delicious samples and a free glass of your choice. We took the Hoegaarden at the server's suggestion.

Awesome place to watch sports. They had all three olympic channels on from every angle.

Service became a little slow towards the end, what with about 4 servers standing around at any given time, but overall an awesome experience.We had a great night to start. There were four of us who had dinner. Than some friends joined us for a round of drinks. They than tacked on 18 percent and refused to split the bill for us who ate dinner previously. Won't be going back on the principal of the unwillingness to split are bill. Learn to use your pos properly to convenience your customers.A solid four stars for Craft... what a nice reno from what was the icky Mother Tuckers site.  Big... and I MEAN BIG space... would be a great location for a large corporate function and I can only imagine that next year's Stampede will see Craft import industry tallent and host numerous events.  Of course their big marketing stick is the 100+ beers on tap and this is very easily a reason to attend... the location itself is spiffy too in a modern cosmo industrial style.  On the food side, I was initially a bit luke warm on the food (I suppose in some ways I still am... NOTE TO CRAFT: ditch the paper bags for fries... all it does is steam the fries into soggyness... just a bad idea)  but food has improved and beer/atmosphere sells the rest.  As with other spots South of 9th Avenue, Craft is a bit under attended for whatever reason and having a table is usually not a problem (people should also keep in mind that you can actually get all the way to accross the street through the +15 and Gulf Canada so Craft really isn't far even in the dead of Winter).  The total package makes Craft an easy choice for 4 stars.Nice place for drinks... there are so many options for beers and it's becoming difficult to decide what you want. 

At least the menu is separated by kind of beer :) red, dark and so on... I prefer dark beer, Black Smith was the good choice for me... so.. if you are hungry and you like burgers, they have good options as well.. I loved the Blue cheese and bacon, it was so good and believe or not, they are big lol and you can choose the side between fries or small salad :) if you need help with the menu you can ask help for the waitress.

The service was really good, she was so helpful and she knows the menu well.. I don't have any complains.
So I hope you guys like the place like I did and thank you for reading my review.

P.s.: when I did the check in on the yelp I just got an hi five from the bartender :/ too sad it was not a drink :(I've really enjoyed this place. Firstly I should tell you I read past reviews so the 4 times I have been here has only been lunch time on Sat or Sun, never gone on a busy night and after talking to a manager and finding out the capacity is 500 and they fill to 500 on Friday and Sat nights with most people just standing I'll stay away when it is busy.

The food was really great. I had the spicy tuna wrap and another night got the fish tacos. The sides are great. Yummy homemade mac and cheese (the really good kind with green peppers and onions) poutine, perfectly cooked McCain's plank cut yam fries (the best type of frozen yam fries on the market and better than most fresh homemade ones; they are crispy) that were perfectly cooked and seasoned with sea salt. The dessert was also excellent - I had the toffee pudding, sweet but not too sweet.

and I save the best for last: the beer.
HUGE selection, most beers on tap of any bar in Canada. Many craft beers, and many really great promotions (such as the Belgium paddle with Stella, Hoegaarden, and Leffe for $7.25 and a free collector glass of one of those beers). I looked online and to buy a Leffe glass was $14+$20 shipping, so your basically being paid to drink by getting that special. 

Oh and if your looking for a good local beer try Village Brewery, right here in Calgary Craft Beer Market is one of the few places with Village on tap. It's good. Think the Steamwhistle of Calgary.

Lastly I must say the marketing materials are great; the menus, magazine ads, transit signs are done beautifully with thought and detail. Read the footer of the menu for instance; they use little jokes and quotes to get their policies across.  It's nice to see a bar take pride in their marketing materials.Craft Beer Market is an exercise in good marketing rather than a quality venue. 

On the surface, Craft has all the makings of a truly epic brewpub/craft beer venue. As such, I have given this place three attempts. My experience each time was about the same. While they do extensively advertise their 100 beers on tap, many of the more obscure options that may lure a craft beer enthusiast to the venue are typically not in stock. 

That's assuming you can make your way to the bar.  Management of this venue has decided that hype and packing a place solid is more important than quality service, which to me doesn't make a ton of sense for a venue that should offer a tasting experience with food and beer pairings. On one occasion where  I managed to get a table, I went 2 hours with only the table clearing staff asking if my server had come by yet. I'm a pretty patient guy and planned on ordering food but simply was not able to.

No problem I'll make my way to the bar.... not so fast. The place is usually packed with the bar staff completely swamped. Maybe it's growing pains, but they don't seem to know where their product is located on the large central bar and it greatly slows down the whole process. 

A 50+ lineup outside a venue such as this doesn't make any sense. It's time to drop the charade and classify Craft for what it is; another generic Calgary bar with poor management and mediocre service.

This is one of the few places in the city that you can get some of the more rare Belgian beers on tap and in the proper glass (often a snifter). I recommend La Chouffe - if you can get one.On paper it would seem that Craft has everything working in its favor. However, our first visit (and likely our last), put all that hard work to shame. 

Firstly, the service was atrocious. Embarassing almost. I understand it takes awhile to iron the kinks out -all 3 of us spent many, many years in the food & beverage industry, but that is no excuse to wait 10 minutes to be greeted and another 20 min for a drink when there are so many servers they are bumping into each other. To sit with an empty drink for another 20 minutes. The servers themselves add to the overall bad vibe of the place. We witnessed 3 servers fighting over tables, the bartender was telling some friends of ours who were sitting at the bar how hungover he was (as if this would be an excuse for the crummy service), and there was zero menu knowledge whatsoever. I asked what sauce was on the clubhouse sandwich, and our server didn't know. She checked with the kitchen and came back with the answer- nothing, just butter. Imagine my surprise when the sandwich arrived with mustard and mayo, the latter being the exact thing I was avoiding. Later we ordered a glass of Syrah- pretty standard- to which she replied- would you like that on ice?? uhhhhh, no thanks. One has to wonder if there was any training done at all before the doors opened.

The amount of beer and lack of experience just adds to the confusion. Even the most seasoned server would have a hard time distinguishing different lagers apart when they are all served in the same glassware. My friend and I ordered one cider, one Wraspberry ale and those were mixed up on delivery- honest mistake. I drink the latter all the time- and that was not what I was poured. I kindly told the server, to which she brought back to who I found out after the fact was the GM- and he TASTED it, and sent it back to me, saying I was wrong. No thank you, I do not want that pint. She proceeded to bring me a sleeve of a very fruity, sweet beer that was much more raspberry in flavour. It seemed to be so condescending...here miss, you wanted a fruity beer? Try this, it's much more girly. I politely said, Thank you, but that is far too sweet- can I just please have something else?? She brought the beer back to the bar, and we proceeded to watch the General Manager pound back the beer I sent back. The same beer that all 3 of us at the table tasted and drank from. That is beyond gross. We couldn't believe we just witnessed it, from the GM of all people.

The 104 beers on tap- great concept...if there was actually 104 beers on tap. When we were there there we 40ish. Also, having alot of experience in the industry- one has to wonder how it is remotely possible to keep all those kegs (even 40) fresh. There is no new technology out there. One has to think come a month from now, there are going to be alot of unhappy customers with spoiled pints.
We were very clearly not the only ones not enjoying our visit. Everywhere you looked there were customers with pursed lips, looking impatiently around, waiting far too long for their drinks and starving because their food is taking an hour and their server is no where to be found. Everyone looked stressed- like they really wanted to like the place, but Craft is just digging their own hole.

As for the food- it was mediocre at best. Prosciutto flatbread was SUPER salty. Chicken Club, very dry and boring. Fries were cold and soggy on delivery. Food also took an hour to arrive.

Prices are very high, especially for the beer selection, considering they are served in 12 oz pint glasses. I have no problem paying for a pricey pint when everything else falls into place, but charging $8 for a domestic pint with everything being in a state of chaos, just seems cocky.

On the plus side- the bathrooms are very nice. However, only 4 stalls for the entire place. Thumbs down.

We appreciate opening a new restaurant and the kinks that come with that, but in this city where there is such a selection of places to go to, one has to make sure they are on the top of their game from the get go. It is a piss poor excuse to put forth- "oh give us a break we just opened". I compare to WURST which opened the same weekend- where the service is amazing and food is stellar.

It was a very disappointing visit at best for a pub/restaurant (still not sure what they are aiming to be) that we were very excited to see open it's doors. The way they are operating now, Stampede will eat them alive.Came across this place while walking around the area. It was close to the hotel we were staying at (Hotel Arts). I can tell it's a very popular nightlife spot, mostly attracts those in their 20s, with the occasional middle-aged man roaming the bar. My boyfriend and I stopped in here for a drink before heading back to the hotel. Although it was packed, we managed to get a drink at the bar easily, the bartender (an asian guy) was friendly and nice. We didn't stay too long, maybe 45 minutes, but heard good old school music during this time. Beward there are lots of hardcore drinkers here - we saw plenty of drunk clientelle, including the table beside ours where the chick stunbled hard into my boyfriend  when she tried to get up, and not too long after that, fell off the bench seat onto the floor.I'm a fan!  This large downtown Calgary bar & party scene is not to be missed if passing through town.  It features an insanely large bar stocked to the gills with craft beer.  Did I say I'm a fan?  There are sizable eating areas elevated from the main floor on either side of the bar.  The menu includes typical bar fare, however I really enjoyed the Montreal Smoked Meat Sandwich.  It's not as good as Schwartz's Jewish Deli on Boulevard Saint-Laurent, but hey you're in Alberta!  If you like craft beer, I challenge you to talk to the bar tender.  Throw out a type of beer you like and drill down.  After about 5 distinct layers of options and types, you'll find a small treasure trove of delicious beers to choose from, of which you can't really go astray.  Lastly, but not least, there are few things as genuinely fun and pleasurable as an evening with the women and guys of Calgary.  Such a friendly vibe where new folks become fast friends and time passes way too quickly.  Enjoy your evening at Craft!I am giving Craft two stars based on the fact that the server did a good job.  There were screw-ups in the kitchen, they had run out of some beers, and their other staff were very rude.  Our server did a good job and I felt bad for her, so I don't want to shoot the messenger!

I visited Craft on July 16th - the last Saturday of Stampede, and you could tell the staff was over it.  While I had no problems with my food or beers, the others in my group did, and overall we were less than impressed.

Issues we encountered during our visit:

    * Being told by a bouncer to "wait in line" at 7pm, when I was joining friends that already had a table in the restaurant area.  I was told that it was "crazy" inside - when I finally was "granted access" - the upper level was half empty and the lounge was definitely not full.  Now I get that it's Stampede and the bouncers are fed up, but when you have a restaurant and a separate lounge area, those going to meet others for dinner and already have a table and a spot for them should not have to wait in a line like they're waiting to get into a club.  Definitely not the greatest first impression.  Maybe separate greeters for lounge vs. restaurant?  There was another group that made a reservation in the restaurant for a stagette, and they were also told to wait in line.  Not cool.
    * Being yelled at by a shooter girl - a shooter girl was walking around the restaurant, asked if our table wanted shots, we all said no thanks.  She then yelled "YES OR NO?!?!" so we said no again.  Again - it's Stampede, I get it, but when I'm sitting in a booth with friends having dinner, I don't want a girl asking to pour a shot down my throat.  Save it for the lounge please.
    * Being out of beers on the menu (How do you run out of Stella?  It's not exactly in short supply.)
    * Fatty beef brisket - overpriced and looked like dog food cut into cubes.
    * Being served beer in a broken glass (my lips appreciated that).

Again, my food was fine, but overall the meals we received were spotty.  Examples: my sister and I both ordered the fish tacos with fries.  I got mine, she didn't.  No seafood lasagna, and no non-bacon options for the mac and cheese, salty miso sauce with the fish, having to ask for ketchup with a fries order, etc.I had a good time at this place , it was a quick business lunch and it was fast and delicious . I had the mac & cheese.Craft has a big space and they definitely aren't having trouble filling it. My friends and I had tried to get in to Craft in April and a bouncer kicked us out of line because one of our group was drinking in the lineup (totally fair - not complaining at all). But you can imagine our surprise, after the intense security from last time, when we arrived to no lineup, no bouncer, and nobody IDing. Inside was absolutely packed. It took ages just to get one beer for one of our group. Once we found a table things definitely changed. We all squeezed in and our server was right over (probably because there were 9 of us). She was very good at replenishing our rounds of drinks, but, besides the beers, the other drinks weren't very good. It was still a fun time for awhile. Then myself and two others decided to go outside. When we went to go back in we were told we had to go to the back of the line because we didn't have a stamp. The line was a lot longer than when we first showed up and there was suddenly a bouncer. We had looked for someone to stamp us when we came in and we looked for someone when we came out and NOBODY offered to stamp us. So of course once we noticed the lineup to get in was basically at a standstill we texted our friends and we all left. 

So it was a pretty decent bar but it's also very disorganized in some ways and in the end we left after maybe 90 minutes. During that time our group spent a fair amount of money and took the rest elsewhere because of stupid door stamps.Amazing time at Craft! The manager took us for a tour of the kegs after we told our server that we were from Ontario. He was super knowledgeable and kind and definitely made our night. If you want a beer served right, this is the place to go. Our server was also very knowledgeable and personable. I hope the best for this business because everyone working here really cared about customer service and took a lot of pride in their service and knowledge.Beware, the sign says $4 beers, but when you order, your server doesn't warn you that the beer you think you are ordering for $4 is really $8.  A very limited selection is $4. And, it's not even a full English pint.  You need to be proactive here and ask specifically what is on special. Overpriced, crowded and so-so service.I really enjoyed my visit to CRAFT and would recommend it to any beer connoisseurs.

I had the Beer Flight (6 mini pints of the season) in order to taste a variety of beers. The Brew-master's selection of beers were delicious. I enjoyed each one and was happy to get to try so many different ones without paying an absurd amount. For my meal I had the fish tacos (on special for $2/taco) with a small side salad. I couldn't be happier with my true summer dinner. It was the perfect way to end a hot summer week.

The server we had at CRAFT was very diligent and provided excellent service. She was also very helpful for our beer questions and when we asked how many tacos we should order for a meal. I was surprised that we would receive such great service even though there wasn't an empty table in sight.

If you enjoy great beer and great food you'll have a hard time finding any place better than CRAFT.Craft, you've redeemed yourself!  I've been to Craft many times over the past several months, and have always had a great time.  Excellent beer selection, and delicious food.Food:  5/10 (I order Tuna wrap, very dry)
Drinks:  5/10 (recommended beer was not that great, room temperature)
Service:  4/10 (extremely slow; it was Wednesday night - not that busy); the lady did not even acknowledge me, just looked at my boss the whole timeI love my beer! I love my food! Craft has plenty of both!

Sometimes I want my old standards when it comes to my brew, but now and then I want to try something different. Craft is great for that - I like to treat myself to their flights of beer if there are enough options on there that I haven't tried. It leads to me to discover new things that I like. Last time it was the Gouden Carolus Classic. So good!

Food has varied from good to fantastic! Might not always knock your socks off, but will still be a decent feed. Their nachos are pretty incredible and served in the bottom of a keg barrel. Definitely bring a few people to share!

It is very noisy and sometimes difficult to find a table. However the staff are friendly and helpful, even if they are slow sometimes due to the crowds.

Definitely worth giving a shot.I just want to start this review off by saying, Lisa K is awesome! Probably the best bartender I have come across (and I have met a MILLION bartenders in my life!) She not only was friendly, helpful and constantly "on it", she went out of her way to teach us different methods of sampling different beers. She had us sample types and varieties of beers I have never heard of before, and then pair them with foods like blue cheese to change the flavour. It was incredible! I will most definitely be back next time I'm Stampedin' my heart out!A For Atmosphere, F for Food - Craft Beer Market is hopping (unintended pun), not for its lacklustre, mediocre, undersized, overpriced food, rather for its location, room size, and the fantastic people watching. The peeps run the gamut, from Rick Redneck, Rob Roughneck, Ollie Oil Guy, Perpetually Dressed Casual Friday Guy, Biz Suits, Retail Sales Suits, UFC Wannabes, even Artie Aristocrat, they all make an appearance at Craft. Women, being the fairer sex, and deserving of more deference, do not require the judgemental adjectives, also vary in presentation here. Slow George had the Classic Burger, the patty was dry and short on flavor; Princess B had the Steak Salad, 4 pieces of beef on wilted and sparse spin; I partook in the Brew Masters Chicken Sang-Wich, chicken breast was tiny and overcooked and instead of menu stated avocado, got guacamole (there's a big diff in flavor in texture & taste between the two); both Slow G and I had fries as part of entrees. The frites, both in size and paper container, reminiscent of the portion found in a McD Happy Meal, just without the taste and certainly no prize; also, being a fan of the deep fried onion goodness, I ordered the Onion Petals for $9! (come on, a quarter onion for 9 sheckles, come on! They've already made their money on serving me a quarter potato's worth in fries!), they were good, but hard to swallow knowing they were price equivalent of gold bullion. On another occasion, the Ra Ra Sisterhood ordered microscopic Crab Cakes (the size of a poker chip) and S&P Wings. G Gurl and I had Barrel Nachos, yeh Barrel alright, barrel of money they're making off of this order for $21 (18 plus 3 for guac), a few chips deceptively served on a keg lid (ingenious marketing) to give the perception of a mountain of nachos; a true indicator of how few chips there were, is that we actually had depleted the small amount of nachos and still had condiments (salsa, sour cream, guac), left over. Service here, however, is always good, servers are pleasant and on top of things. The shenanigans here are noteworthy. One eve, we had three different approaches from varying individuals who sat with us uninvited but much enjoyed for their antics. We even saw a heavily inebriated female squished into her sausage dress attempt manoeuvres usually only performed in Vegas, let's call it Cirque Du Drunk. Another group was comprised of mature females who stated "the guy WE'RE with is a millionaire, he'll buy us all drinks." The Old Money Bags Guy did show, but of course, it was the ladies who attempted to run out on their bill, until the waitress caught them. Then there was the guy who spoke about the lack of "chicks" in the bar, only to speak of his WIFE being at the cabin; Wow. So head to Craft, with the expectation of fun, frolic and lots to envision, just eat first before you arrive, or you'll leave empty of wallet and stomach.Some beers are available for a limited time - always something new to try. I loved my amber (called vampire sth) with a rich vanilla aroma!Man this place is packed to the brim!! Should I stay or should I go???I see stampede prep decor!! Yay!!Try the Nachos!2nd year in a row that I've RSVP'd for an event & have shown up & didn't get the drink tickets that were promised. They didn't even give me a beer sample or a stein, but other people are getting them. Don't think I will be returningFish tacos and a liter of Hoegarden! Hmmm....$2 fish tacos and a flight of beer, this place is awesome!Veggie tray on the menu for the win100 beers.   Need I say more?Hanging out with Greg Jackson of the RCMPWhy are there twenty bartenders?Love love love wild rose velvet fog mmm mmmm mmmmm!Half price appys and $5.95 beers on for $4.00 after 3 every Sunday.Waiting for Billay--then trying a variety of crafty beer goodness.Beer is goodPretty awesome Mac n cheeseCraft has won me over. Now that the crowds have died down, the service has improved. I bring all my out-of-town visitors here. :)Collect your check in offer!Who doesn't love an all day happy hour? Enjoying the last day of Yelp's Passport to Alberta Beer!!This place is Awesome!Little known secret... Show your Car2Go membership for 2-for-1 brunch on Sundays. Shhhh, our little secret ;-). Cheers!Daily specials and a ton of different beers.Does brunch on Sunday complete with drinks like shandy and bloody mary - also it's happy hour all day Sunday!Früli ...the fruit beer... tastes like a cooler. But coooler!!Checking out day one of #yelpbeer!The cheese infused pretzel bites are surreal.I love this place even though it's usually busy sometimes!!Terrible service, food was bland and over priced, would never recommend or go backTuesday cask ale a Brew Bros HeffeweissenChocolate stout today's cask aleIn for Spain--France. Fruit beers $2 offStarting off #yelpbeer. All local Alberta beers are $5 at participating restos !Oatmeal stout on cask tonight. Pre game crowd.Imperial IPA from Alley Cat on cask todayAt a gluten-free event. Shhhhh, don't tell them I'm not celiac.Reader Zitron release party dangerously easy drinkingUnibroue Maudite on caskThe beer can chicken is quite tender. Def value for money. I only ordered the 1/2 plate and that turned into 2 meals for me!!! The Mac n' cheese side was awesome!There food is pretty good! And very nice service!Half decent food and a beer list with a ton of beers that I'm certain nobody drinks. Besides that I really like it here! LolCraft beer market grand opening now.2nd washroom between mezzanine and floor of dinning area.Order quickly, service is a little slow100+ beers on tap!Stopped on based off a recommendation from a barista down the street. Excellent food! Had the mussel and sausage appetizer and kale salad. Great choices for a light meal! Food and atmosphere was great along with great service!Too crowded on weekends.Chill place I like the atmosphere - a bit loud but in a good wayMake a reservation or good luck finding a table :POpen concept is cool, but the whole place reeks of cigarettes from outsideWatered down drinks & overpriced food.How in the messy cow can you go wrong with 100+ beers on tap? Seriously.Good beer good food but nothing fancy....Stooped for a beer. Large selection, good environmentFriendly helpful service and fantastic beerFish Tacos are outstanding!!So far so good A great restaurant! Stylishly designed, this place ended up being a fun night. Excellent service with knowledgable staff. We ordered the Halibut and a sirloin steak. The fish was tender and the steak... the steak was amazing! A wonderful place for dinner.Great filet. They were out if hollandaise but the bernaise made up for it the service was excellent. Very attentive. I would recommend Ali to anybody. A foodie at heart and way more informational on the nightlife than the 'concierge' at the hotel.Right away we noticed that the service here was a little slow and it took quite a while for them to actually take out orders. 

With that being said the steak was cooked perfectly and the sides were generous sized portions as well. Our server was pretty nice and I highly recommend the duck fat fires and their steaksNot as good as it used to be, well at least just the calamari. Went here with a couple girlfriends for a Monday night dinner. Sat down quickly as fit wasn't too busy but busier than I expected for a Monday night. 

We started with the calamari. I used to rave about the calamari but that was when they used to grill a whole calamari and served with a grilled lemon and perhaps a sauce? Can't recall but back then this was so awesome. When we ordered the calamari recently it was just a typical deep fried lightly coated calamari pieces that was in definite need of a dipping sauce. It was pretty standard and definitely not the same as it used to be. Boo, cuz that was one of the reasons I loved going here.

Anyway, my main course was the ahi tuna salad. Could definitely have used a bit more ahi tuna be less dressing. Although a very tasty dish, I just felt like it could have had a few changes to make it THAT much better. 

Topped off our evening with the lava cake, which takes 10 mins to prepare which makes me feel like its actually fresh. Great ending to our meal!

Service here was great and the atmosphere was excellent. Lots of ladies to greet you at the door and our server seemed very knowledgable and kept on top of our drinks.I really enjoyed this place. The service was on point. The atmosphere was really interesting. It makes a great date spot. 

The steaks were delicious and the BRUSSEL SPROUTS OMG... Still salivating over their perfectly cooked yummy'ness. 

We had a delicious wine "Edge" which was one of the best wines I have had at a restaurant and wasn't hard to pick a good wine with their selection. 

I would really recommend this place as  definite try.Saltlik has a nice atmosphere at the location is great. The food is pretty good but the service we had was just OK. Their menu and  food are typical for a steakhouse, nothing real seemed to stand out to us. Probably a good spot to hit up on an expense account ... My sense is that you can find much better value on your own dime.A group of 6 popped in here after a long day at the office. And by that I mean a long day at the convention centre. I was in Calgary for work. It was GREAT to find a place downtown that was still serving, as we didn't arrive until after 9pm, and having been to Calgary many times on business, i've been turned away from restaurants more times than I can count. (Downtown kitchens don't seem to stay open late on week nights.)

I wasn't starving, as I had a pre-dinner dinner (a must when you work until 9-10pm) but I wanted to take advantage of the "Alberta Beef" thing. When in... do as, you know.

I ordered the petit prime sirlon, and my steak rare (obvs.) It was well cooked (or rather, appropriately cooked), but REALLY chewy. Like the last person to finish her meal, my jaw hurts chewy. There was a lot of gristle, which was too bad, but the flavour was good. The baked potato was fine, but I must admit my plate looked very empty with a small steak and a baked potato on it. Some garnish, or a few veggies would have gone a long way.

I split the caramel toffee pudding, and it was fantastic. Very sweet. EXCEPTIONALLY sweet in fact, and served with ice cream, but I'm not a lady that is afraid of sweet things! In fact you might even say that I covet. So this was not a problem. :)

Dinner with tax and tip (no drinks) came to $35. Not too shabby.We went after this restaurant suggested by a friend. We were impressed with our server, he was polite and friendly and made us feel welcome. Beer and Wine selection is also very good. The restaurant itself is also very nice with great lighting and an inviting atmosphere.

The house burger was delicious, and would highly recommend. It came with plenty of fries! As for the steak... for the price I was honestly expecting a little more. The NY Strip I had was delicious, and cooked to perfection at medium-rare. However, I wouldn't rank it as the best steak/$ I've had from a steakhouse. the The side baked potato was good and fully loaded.

Be sure to ask about the chefs cut, as we weren't informed until I asked.The salmon was overcooked to death but the cheesecake was damn good so it evens out. I won't bother going back.Now that I have officially recovered from the weekend I can tell you I ate here twice last week and both times the food was incredible. The first night I had the peppercorn New York Strip lion and it was cooked just right the portions were perfect even the potato was awesome. 

For starters both visits we had the potato skins with lobster. My second visit on Saturday night I had the penne which was also really good. However I wish there would have been more I started eating people's left overs.

The drinks are also very good. The wine selection is fair for both red and white and the cocktails are also just perfect. I highly recommend the blueberry cosmo if you ever want a solid girly but delicious martini. I may have enjoyed these a little too much along with the wine but other than that totally fabulous.Coming back here just for the wok fried calamari .. beats every calamari I ever tasted ...it's a must have when u r in Calgary .. sorry I ate it all up before clicking a decent pictureMy husband and I are visiting from Natick, MA and just had a wonderful late dinner at Saltlik. I had the petite filet mug on and side house salad and have to say it was the best meal and best steak I've had in ages. Wonderfully cooked, interesting and tasty ingredients in house salad, and very friendly and prompt service from Sanjali who went above and beyond to ensure we had a super visit.  We had been planning to have dinner at Sky 360 when we're back in town next Friday but will be returning to Saltlik instead! So delicious!This is one of my regular haunts for supper before a show at the CPO or one of our fine theatres downtown.  The food is always great (and reasonably priced -- especially their steaks), the staff is friendly and quick to serve (and very good at wine recommendations when you can't make up your mind), and the venue itself is swanky and comfortable.  

Can't decide where to go for supper?  You won't go wrong with this place.

Also: if you work downtown, and want to go to a nice lunch on a Friday, bring yourself and your casual Friday blue jeans here for a burger and relax for a bit.The food at Saltlik is consistently good quality and tasty however the service is consistently terrible.My husband loves steak. So for his birthday I decided to take him to the Saltlik. I had made reservations. However when we arrived we still had to wait for our table. The restaurant was busy, but there were still empty tables here and there. It appeared as though the hostesses had to figure out what they were supposed to be doing. It was a bit frustrating!

The restaurant was pretty noisy. We could barely hear each other,  which made it difficult to have a conversation. The food was OK...nothing exceptional. It was a journey in itself to simply find the washrooms, which are located downstairs. I wouldn't bother going back. There are better places to find a great steak in town!Food was delicious, drinks are good, but our waiter was not as funny as he thought he was. First of all, when he came to take our order, he says to one of us "Let me guess, you want a salad, with NO dressing...I can tell by looking at you". Pretty rude. When he returned and saw that she had polished off her entire plate of pasta, he started to clap and tell others around that she had finished her meal. Not so funny. Then he asked what we were all doing there...one of us stating that we were in the area for teachers convention. He then started to ask us if we would be offended if he ended up working in education and changed all the things we were doing as educators because it's not "so great". Ugh.I walked around the area trying to find a steakhouse to satisfy my craving for some  delicious steak. I came in here hoping for the best and I feel I've been provided with the best.
My waitress for the night is Maddie, and she is just amazing. She was prompt, sharing her own thoughts with the food. Since it's my first time in the restaurant, she suggested the Lobster Mash to pair with my steak. And OMG, that Lobster Mashed Potato is delicious. It's mashed potato with large pieces of lobster on top. It is worth every cent.
Now to the main course, steak! I ordered the Filet Mignon, my friends ordered ribeye, and sirloin. All three steak came cooked perfectly right on dot for both rare and medium rare. I find the ribeye is the best valued. For $39 you get a 15 oz of steak and yes, cooked to perfection. I don't know what I can say to praise this place. Everything is just wonderful.
Oh! One thing... They don't allow us to bring our own wine. Hmm... I guess that's the only downside?My girlfriend and I had our usual shopping workout at Winners and wanting to refill the calories we burned shopping by eating!  So, we decided on The Saltlik Steakhouse just a block down the street.  

The friendly hostess and waitress were a blur as I was distracted by my interior questioning.  Why choose the name "Saltlik", I know what it is but it isn't exactly the most appetizing of names, are we then the cattle grazing here?  

Isn't this a steakhouse? So why the giant cascading chilli peppers hanging from the ceiling? Is that Roman pillars framing the moulding of the fireplace? And hark do I not hear jazz in the foreground?  I decided to just try to relax and enjoy my meal.

Well, we both ordered grade A chopped steak burgers and they were incredibly yummy but they came recommended with skinny fries.  Now these fries were so skinny, I felt like eating them out of a chip bag and watching intramural volleyball.  Very grade 8 and very hickory stick.  They are tasty, that is if you are successful enough to get one on your fork. 
 
Prices were reasonable and the service pleasant, but in the end I am quite indifferent to this place.  The meal was okay and the decor still strangely perplexing but I cannot say I would rush back to this restaurant again considering all the other options there are now in Calgary.I am an American staying at a nearby hotel, in Canada on business.  Many of my colleagues who had been visiting for sometime prior to me had recommended this place.  They do, indeed, have great steak.  We have tried steaks at many restaurants throughout the city, and they have the best so far.  They declare their Chipotle steak to have a "kick-ass" sauce.  As with many spicy dishes I've had in Calgary, it was disappointing but only in lacking a true spicy heat.  The flavor is great.  The skinny fries aren't necessarily better tasting than regular fries but they are fascinating!  Unlike the states, when one orders a steak well-done, it comes out well-done...no pink & juicy!!!

It is said that you MUST try the Chocolate Cake.  It is baked fresh at the time it is ordered because it is filled with liquid chocolate that runs freely into the berry compote when you first dip your fork into it.  The vanilla bean ice cream is the perfect compliment.  It is truly grand.  The New York style cheesecake is my personal favorite.

The atmosphere is pleasant.  As Americans, we are quite used to the service being quicker.  It takes some getting used to in dining out taking 2 hours.  This isn't so much a complaint as an observation because it seems to be the Canadian, norm no matter the restaurant.Slow service, poor cut of beef and everything tasted off.  

The asparagus was thin and overcooked. I spent $108 CAD (one person, no alcohol, no dessert) and it was certainly not worth it. 

The view from the patio is outstanding.  

To be more specific about what was wrong with the state, in my opinion a ribeye should at least be 1 inch thick. Anything thinner than 1 inch is too much like something you would get at Denny's.3.5 stars

Went Fri Nov 19th, had a 7:45pm reservation.  Not an issue, walked right in.  Restaurant about 75% full.

Very helpful waitress.  Ordered calamari as appetizer.  Decent.

I had rib eye as my main course.  A little fatty, but cooked perfectly (ordered it medium)  Had a loaded baked potato as my side, was good.

GF had the ribs, decent portion, lots of sauce.  Fall off the bone meat, so she was happy.

Overall, this restaruant is more of an upscale milestones, or earls.  

For a better steak, go to Ruths Chris.So I have I walked past the Saltlik so many times over the years and always think... "that looks good", but alas, never popped in. Finally, finally, I am so happy I did. Wow, all I can say is I was very impressed. 

First of all, I sat in the lounge at a booth and had fabulous service. We had a 2 bottles of California Cab Sav that were lovely. I ordered a Kobe meatball spaghetti dish that was just insanely good - craveable good! I can't wait to go back and eat this dish again! 

The restaurant from the outside looks a normal size, but then BAM, I went to the loo and holy-mole, they have this crazy cool "rumpus-room/country club games room" basement that is so cool. If you are looking to have a private party like a birthday or anniversary, well I would 100% recommend booking the basement. I only wish there was a place like this up in Edmonton.Dined twice during one week visit.  Great service and food was perfect.   Can't wait to go back to Calgary.New York strip with blue cheese butter was fantastic!  Great Service!  Of course, I found Calgary to be one of the friendliest places I've ever had the opportunity to visit, so I can't wait to return!I really like this restaurant.My wife and I both ordered  strip loin steaks and they were cooked perfectly and seasoned well.Our waiter was very friendly and accommodating even though members of our party were running late.Was a little loud in the restaurant though.Went to Saltlik last week for the first time after hearing some local contacts say it was good and I wasn't disappointed.  I had the filet mignon, lobster mashed potatoes, and salad (one with feta cheese, etc).  The food was great - cooked well, nice presentation, and overall delicious.  I could make a meal just out of the lobster mashed potatoes!

Had an awesome server named Erin J that I would highly recommend for anyone coming in.  She made the visit very pleasant, was very courteous, and helpful for my visit to Calgary.Don't go here if your group is better than like 4 people.
Planned this birthday dinner out for 10 people. Upon arrival, took over half hour to get a drink order, another 10 minutes for the the actual drink. Ordered some appetizers, they didn't put through one persons order. Meals were good, I'll give them that. Comes time to pay the bill. They split everything up for us, 18% mandatory tip. Typical though for big group. Everyone's bill is above 100 or damn near. We pay the bills, some people leave extra. The one bill was required $30 change, server does not even come back.
Finally get someone else to go get her. She says we didn't leave any extra. Argue with her for 5 minutes, she admits she mixed the money in with another tables money. Has to get a manager.
They come back with a stack of cash trying to say this was this table, and that was that table.
Whatever. We just gave you guys $1500 with 18% gratuity on each bill. You're gonna argue over $20? 
She brings the manager, he stand there like a wet noodle and doesn't say a word.
Just give us the $20 like seriously? 
Absolutely shit way to end this dinner, thanks so much.Went with a group of nine for a birthday celebration.Or waiter was very attentive,however the timing of everything was off and the food was in general served cold.
We chose a steak place thinking they knew how to prepare steak,wrong.
The price point is out of line,noise level is high and food quality is poor.
Will never ever return again.
Free would not be a fair deal.Took my wife out for a nice dinner at the saltlik, it was her first time dining there but I had been before with a friend. My wife ordered the filet which she quite enjoyed along with seasonal vegetables and a baked potato. I rose the NY striplion with season vegetables which tastes like they had been on fire as they had an odd smoke taste to them, my steak was just okay as it had a tendon in it and wasn't as tender as you would expect for $34. 

Drinks were good we each had a beer to start and the a glass of the Malbec with our steak which was very nice. 

Hostess greeted us and took my jacket for me and seated us, they were very friendly and prompt. 

Waitress seemed new but she was friend and definitely giving her all, the rest of the team seemed to cover for each other to make sure you got served and that you had everything you ordered, definitely good coverage. 

I will return but will try a different menu item, and I would still recommend to my friends to go here for a nice meal.One of the best hamburgers I've ever had. Charred, matched with sharp cheddar and smokey bacon on a pretzel bun. Get it with duck fat fries. Yum!

Warm atmosphere, good service and value!Executive Summary:  Pretty good food and comfortable surroundings.  Service, however, is not to the standards one would expect from a place serving top-rate Alberta beef.

Spent the week up here with my honey planning our Banff wedding and decided to try an upscale place because we like good steaks.  Several people recommended Saltlik so we gave it a shot. The place is comfortable, interesting, and not pretentious.  

The steaks were good.  I wasn't sure what to expect about Alberta beef but I had a Filet that, while not trimmed (which was weird), was still tender and tasty.  My better half had the prime sirloin which was super lean and had great flavor.  The veggies were fresh and nicely prepared.

The service, however, lacked polish.  The staff was friendly and seemed eager but they either didn't have enough staff or Canadian timeliness is different because they're being courteous and don't want to remotely rush anyone. We waited almost ten minutes to order our drinks and wine.  No mention of specials or whether we'd been there before or anything. Normally in places like this they try to assess your level of hillbilly-ness but not so here.

Little touches that I expect were lacking here.  They didn't bring clean silverware to the table after our appetizers were cleared.  No familiarity with the BC wine I ordered.  No suggestions as to menu items.  Again, the staff was friendly enough but service in a steakhouse really should be something other than "meh--it was ok."This is a definite Steakhouse. Vancouver used to have a Saltlik but it got replace by Black and Blue. Vancouver location was not successful. But again this restaurant is owned by the Fuller Family. So its basically paying premium price and going to Joey/Earl/Cactus Club. Of course the décor is different.

So came here and ordered the Sirloin Steak and subbed the side with lobster mash which came to $42. Kind of pricy. For the amount of food I got. Also they charge for water as well. Bottle water. The lobster mash was good. Good amount of lobsters. The Sirloin was good (cooked the way I want it to be) but too much peppercorn which made it spicy. 

Décor was nice. Noticed most people who come here are all formally business dressed.I came here with friends for their happy hour. Servers are well versed with their menus. Coming from coastal area I always love to have some raw fish to mix with some of my dish. So I had Ahi Tuna tartare, Wok fired calamari, dry ribs paired with my favorite Prosecco.Walked in without a reservation and they were happy to seat us right away even though they were quite busy. We had the  calamari appetizer that we both enjoyed. The Lamb was amazing and my wife loved the lobster mashed potatoes. 
The kitchen was quite slow and they did come and apologize. We had had an event to attend and they were again sorry and comped our appetizer. 
A little pricey, but overall enjoyed the food and service other than the speed.I've been to Saltlik a number of times for lunch and dinner.  I really like their location and atmosphere.  The service has always been reasonably good.  But I really wish they that would revamp their menu, particularly their lunch menu.  Personally, I would love to see a big steak salad as part of their line-up.  It's a personal preference, but I don't like to eat a heavy lunch but sometimes do like a bite of steak.  I would gobble up a big steak cobb salad with loads of fresh veggies and blue cheese!Went to Saltlik for a birthday lunch with the husband. Getting a reservation was easy and pain free. The service was quite quick, efficient and friendly even with the rush hour blitz and that impressed me, as did the dining room decor and arrangement.

On to the food: I bypassed the lunch menu and ordered a French onion soup starter, sirloin with fries entree and toffee cake dessert. The food was okay. 

I think in my mind, Saltlik  is a victim of their "success". Because of their reputation and prime location on Stephens ave, I was expecting to be wowed by the food. Instead, I got normal good food that won't rank as the best I've had or the worse. Truth is I've had better onion soup at a basic food chain restaurant.

All in all, not a bad restaurant food wise; fairly expensive cost wise so 3 stars it is.Service SUCKED!

I went to Saltlik this past Saturday with a party of 9, guaranteeing our server her 18%. With that guarantee, why even try? Our waitress most certainly did not.

I prepared detailed notes this past weekend of the service failures (I waited tables for 15 years) but the rant got too long to post here...

My suggestion, do not go to this restaurant with a party of 8 or greater. The amateurs running the show cannot guarantee you an experience worthy of 18 points atop their already reasonably steep prices.

What a remarkable disappointment this place turned out to be... Food was OK with only a few complaints, all of which is overshadowed by an entitled millennial, looking great in her little black dress and heels, with ZERO fine dining serving skills earning her guaranteed income. Working at Saltlik and getting large tables must feel akin to winning a lottery.

I will never go there again.Wow! We had my son's wedding reception there June 24 and the staff was accommodating, polite, much appreciated. But the food! Fantastic! They had several appies and each one was better than the one before it.  Food choices were perfect for the 25 to 90 year old crowd. New fan here.The best place for steak in Calgary 

Love the lobster mashed potatoes and the lemon butter on my steak!!! 

Can't wait to go again!Terrible service and food for the price. The decorations and ambiance are nice. We had to wait so long for the food to come. My girlfriend and I had the same steak, mine was okay and hers was so dry. I don't cook much, but I can make better steak than that. 

No one came around during we ate until we finished the meal. I told one of the female server that the steak was dry that my girlfriend couldn't finish it. She only said that the meal was big for her and just ignored what I said about the steak.
I even asked her for the bill and waited 10 minutes, but she didn't come back with the bill then I had to asked another server for it.I've only ever had the steak and on top of that have not had to pay for any meal here yet... Why? because it's a frequent business presentation lunch venue favoured by a few of the vendors I deal with. I've been here 3-4 times and each time the steak has been perfectly cooked and when you consider they are sending out anywhere from 25-40 meals at a time that's pretty amazing. I would pay for the steak myself if I had to but so far I've been blessed with a few really good lunches there.I visited saltlik during a work dinner and was blown away with the quality of their food. The dinner exceeded my expectations. I will go back every chance I have as the flavour was phenomenal and the service was fast and friendly.I've only been to the Saltlik in Banff several time and my experiences there have been exceptional. Great service, great atmosphere, amazing drinks.

It's only natural that a restaurant to change and evolve every few years or so. The first time I visited was over a decade ago and it was a chic bar that served great cocktails that got me drunk instantly. There I saw some YTV actor obnoxiously hitting on some guy's poor girlfriend. Was it her fault that she happened to wear a low cut cleavage that even Saltlik's most creative martini couldn't overshadow? Who knows

The second time the place turned into a steakhouse. But rather than your generic Keg/Joey T experience, we weren't' distracted by scantily clad servers. Instead we got very professionally dressed and very professional servers who spoke to you with their hands rested behind their backs. The food was amazing and it had to be, given the price we paid for aged steaks.

But the third time, and I don't know if the Calgary location has always been this way, was another experience. It was great but I can't help but miss the old Saltlik experiences I've had.

I was disappointed to find out about their lackadaisical drink menu, just plain beers and regular cocktails. I settled for a pint draft. However, their appetizers however were enough to turn this would-be 3star review to a 4 star. 

We shared their beef carpaccio, mac n cheese, and calamari. The carpaccio was fresh and succulent. I'm always weary about eating raw beef but it came through perfectly as the arugula salad and capers complimented the tender strands of beef. The calamari was good, certainly better than the pre-frozen rubber pucks served at pubs. And the mac n' cheese was cheesy and had a well executed crust.

Our service was just as great as expected. Mind you, one of my dining companions happened to work there part time so we were pretty tight with our server. No rough spots when you have industry insiders in your crew.

The decor is amazing, there's a massive hanging glass piece in the middle of the dining room that looks something out of zero-gravity science fiction. Apparently it costs half a million dollars, or maybe a million. I looked at it and imagined cutting off the cable that held it up and taking out a whole slew of bad guys at the bottom, possibly dining and celebrating over something. My daydreams have plot holes and I'm okay with that.Patio happy hour, ribs and calamari! YUM!! 
Great value and location for people watching and enjoying your drink. Would make a good date spot or business meeting.Very good place for great beef.. The carpaccio was delicious and the main course too. The wine was really good and The service was excellent!!... I definitely recommend this place...Visiting from California. Very loud, hard to hear our tables conversation. Casual but think that was just because of the Stampede.  Food & service very good. Only giving three stars because of loudness.Whenever in Calgary, we always spend one night at the Saltlik.  They never disappoint; the food is always good- I'm just looking for some new additions to their menu, as it seems like it has been the same for years.  I had the salmon with grilled broccoli and it was fabulous.  The others in my party had filets and ribeyes...great size on those ribeyes too!     Service felt slightly rushed, even though the restaurant wasn't full.  I will always likely come back...just hoping it feels like a newer experience next time.Saltlik is one of Calgary's many popular steakhouses, and since they're located right in the heart of cow town they know have to do steak right. The ambience is what you would expect if you picture a traditional steakhouse, dark wood, leather chairs, and white table cloths.

The service is usually pretty good, the servers are attentive and professional, they also have a great wine list that is worth a look. They also have some great salads and soup options if you're visiting for lunch and don't want to commit to the early afternoon food coma from a heavy meal. The sticky toffee pudding is one of my favourites, it'll satisfy you sweet tooth for a week at least! 

I've visited for several birthday dinners, work lunches and during the big taste and the quality and service has been consistent each time.We had a family dinner here to celebrate my sister's birthday.  We wanted something a little higher end yet not too exorbitantly priced.  A few of the guys had been to Ruth Chris' a week prior, and they were slightly sceptical of my mom's choice to go to Saltlik.

Perhaps we got lucky, but everyone's steaks were tender, cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  I ordered a petite fillet and it was a perfectly sized steak.  If you don't want it small, order the grande.  My one "beef" with the beef here is that they don't list the size of the steak in oz like they do at many other steakhouses.  

The guys in our group declared that their grande rib eyes were much better than at Ruth Chris'.  Score one point for Saltlik!  We all particularly enjoyed one of the options on the menu which was what they called the "Chicago" style.  I'm not sure what Chicago has to do with it... but ordering it this way gave you a steak that was slightly more charred on the outside and cooked-to-order on the inside.  Awesome.

The service was ok.  Not great...  In fact, if our conversation wasn't so engaging, I would likely have been irritated.  I'm hoping that the reason they didn't stop by much was so as not to interrupt.Fantastic Food. Probably one of the best steaks I have ever had. At the suggestion of our server, we both had the lobster mash, which had 2oz of lobster on top, new york striploin (mine was peppercorn and my partner's was bleu cheese butter) and we shared a large skillet of mushrooms.

We were able to get in within 2 hours on a Saturday night. They happily accommodated us with our baby and everyone was pleasant. We had different staff check in to make sure everything was great throughout. Our server happily explained the different cuts, mentioned how they cook the steak. They happily packaged up my leftovers as the portions are very generous. The restaurant was loud enough by 730 that even if our baby was not sleeping (which he did) it would not have disturbed others, but not so loud as to not be enjoyable.

This was definitely a 4 and a half star visit.  Saltlik could improve by offering coat check or a place other than the back of your chairs to put jackets, as well as having staff pull out chairs when you first are seated. We appreciated the accommodation with our infant and clarification of amenities available.

This was our first visit, but after such a great experience this will not be our last!Checked out this place after a great experience at the Saltlik restaurant in Banff. Had one of their signature steaks with a loaded jacket potato. The steak and sauce was flavoursome, and the jacket potato more substantial than I thought it would be!

Mixed diners with groups and couples. Pleasant atmosphere and service. No room for desert unfortunately, but maybe next time.I met a client here for dinner tonight and had a good experience.  The service was professional and friendly, the atmosphere was very nice and the food was good.  My only complaint is that our entrees came out just minutes after our soup and salad course - I would have expected better from a place of this quality.

However, the french onion soup was spot on and the salmon with broccoli was quite tasty too.  I hear the steaks are amazing, but I just wasn't looking for something so heavy.Great place downtown Calgary. Deffinately a great cow place if you like steak. Our server Megan was very attentive and great. Dessert was awesome too. Love the cheese cake.First off, this place isn't a steak house, and if others tell you that it is, either they don't know what a steak house is or have limited experience eating steak in restaurants.  I ordered the expensive lunch special which was a steak sandwich coming in at a $27 price point.  It was not worth the price paid for the meal, based on quantity and quality, you can get a much better steak in Calgary, trust me!  The service was very good though, and a pretty good atmosphere in the restaurant.Had dinner with friends there last night and after reading some recent reviews was bit hesitant about it. Thankfully we had a fantastic waitress, Nerissa, and her assistants who made sure we were well taken care of with fast service, good drinks and delicious food. The calamari appetizer shared by all was so fresh and tasty. Everyone else had steak, and said they were just right; I enjoyed the Hunter chicken which was delicious with a little kick from peppercorns,  mushrooms and asparagus.  Everyone else shared the broccoli,  which had a bit of spice in it, asparagus,  and roasted cauliflower,  which was also really good. There was no room for dessert,  so can't comment on those.On one of my monthly lunches out with some co-workers, we ventured over to Saltlik. Although it's a steakhouse, none of us had any steak. We all had the chicken and arugula salad. It was fantastic. Nice large portion with grilled chicken, fresh buffalo mozzarella and this lemon olive oil dressing. I love artichokes which aren't a common item on most menus. My friends and I agreed this salad surpassed our expectations. My salad was paired with a glass of German Riesling which had a teeny bit of bubble in it. Very very nice. The girls shared this decadent warm dark molten cake fresh out of the oven, made just for us. OMG! It was to die for! It came with some berries and ice cream but when you have that incredible chocolate cake, who needs that stuff to take away from the main event? I sure don't! I may have to go back for just the cake and a glass or two of wine. Now that's lunch!In Calgary for the day. Wanted something convenient to Le Germain hotel to treat my daughter to. Saltlik hit it out of the Park. Cozy atmosphere sitting in a booth in front of the fireplace on an unseasonably cold Calgary night. The food was excellent. Steak was delicious, ribs tasty and fall off the bone and the hunter chicken looked good. Over and above the quality of the food was the service from the hostess to the staff busing the table to the waiter "Ali". We spent the night commenting on how attentive the staff were. Memorable evening thanks!Food was very good.  Nothing exceptional but nothing bad either.  Very comfortable interior, relaxing.  No kids menu but they were accommodating to minor substitutions for my kids.   Excellent cappuccino with dessert.  Service was very good as well.I went there the last time I was in Calgary, and it was a good experience. I'm a big fan of steak house, and I prefer to try local restaurants, before the big chains.

The food was good, but not exceptional. The service also was great, but at the end, it was a bit pricey for the quality we got. Good ambiance, and well situated near convention centers, and hotels, so it's a venue you want to try.The best filet mignon I've ever had! 

Being in Calgary for business, my coworker and I got recommended to Saltlik by our hotel concierge.

We arrived and were promptly seated and served. Filet mignon was the chef's reco that day, so we both ordered it with the lobster mash. 

Our waitress came about 15 minutes later and told us the food might be a little late - but around 5-10 minutes later it arrived. Although we did appreciate her giving us a heads up on the potential delay.

Steak was phenomenal - cooked perfectly at medium rare, full of flavour and juice. Lobster mash had lots of little bits of lobster meat and was a great side dish.

I'm definitely coming back the next time I'm in town!Arrived without reservation on a beautiful if slightly cool early June night. Patios full.... Calgarians are s hearty bunch.

No table available but the hostess found me a seat at the bar. She updated staid a couple of times so that I knew she hadn't forgotten me... and as a walk-in single I had low expectations given that the place was full.

Two glasses of chianti at the bar and then transported to a booth... more than I needed to eat but perfect to review stuff for tomorrow's conference.

Service was friendly and effective, My server was professional and efficient and the steak and salad showed up in jig's time. 

The new york striploin was perfectly done. Turned down the baked potato because I would have eaten it and the substituted house salad was perfect.

Great experience on a business trip. Great customer experience.Had to eat steak in Stampede country.

And it was a pretty good steak.  Not a spiritual connection to the bovine god, but pretty good.  The sides were solid, the meat was cooked properly and to the exact specification listed on the menu (yes, that's medium rare), and the wine list was solid.  A fried calamari appetizer was proper and tasty, as were the salads.

Have to comment on the service, though. Yeah, I know Calgary's a petro-boomtown with a lot of young, educated, and upwardly mobile people, and also that it's the only game in town for Albertans looking to play in the big leagues, but damn... I thought SF during the pre-bomb-dot-com was excessive. It seems like any place without a takeout counter or pictures on the menu has to hire an army of scantily-clad women to dispense the food and drink. It's particularly funny when you stagger in the front door, with numb extremities and concerns about frostbite, and the door is held for you by a pleasant young women wearing a dress smaller than your scarf.

But I'm a weak and worthless Californicator who's used to a +/- 10C difference between summer and winter.Prime downtown location on Stephen Street makes this a natural choice for a nice dinner out. Interior of the restaurant is warm and inviting with fireplaces and an open kitchen.

Had the petite sirloin and loaded baked potato -- steak was cooked perfectly, seasoned well and potato was tasty and packed with sour cream, cheese and bacon bits. Portion was sizable, but not gigantic. 

Wine list was solid, but expensive. Would have been nice to have a few more reasonable options to choose from.

Service was attentive and friendly, although the overly short and tight dresses on each waitress was slightly off-putting -- made it seem like the restaurant was trying a bit too hard to be "cool." 

Overall -- a good experience and will plan to return when I am back to visit Calgary another time.Visiting alone,  and chose to sit at the bar not to occupy tables for other customers. Order a glass of wine and  the best filet steak on the menu. While waiting for my meal i go to the washroom only to come back and find i have been re-seated at an out position in the bar where my right elbow have to fight a hugh picture during my meal. Can not be that hard to ask before moving paying customers around!! 
Food was objectively seen very nice. But lack of customer care unfortunately killed the experience. Fortunately other places in Calgary to choose from next time i am around..This restaurant went up in my eyes with this recent meal. I'd been to Saltlik before and it was always heavy on the chain and sodium, low on distinctivness or charm. 

In Calgary and needing a dinner that would deliver and be reasonably fast, I chose the Lick. It exceeded expectations. The servers sat me immediately, my waitress went beyond the canned politness and faux-joy found at many chains (are you listening Milestones?) and I had a pasta that actually was delicious (linguini with light cream sauce, bacon and asparagus). 

Would go back solely on the strength of this meal.It does have a good ambiance and the decor looks great, but for a restaurant that puts itself as a rare steakhouse it was a joke. The ribeye I had was as good as any other one from Montana's or Milestone... absolutely nothing like others high end steakhouses I have been. I would not recommend it.Saltlik is located on 8th Avenue Downtown Calgary.  It's definitely a prime location...especially because it's a few blocks walking distances to the Calgary Tower.  Parking is chaotic as it is downtown but that's expected.  After 6PM you are able to park for free across the street from Saltlik which is nice.  My gf and I were hitting up a show at the Vertigo Theatre so we decided to go for a bite close by before the show started.  There were a few places we were deciding from but Amanda suggested Saltlik.  I haven't been before so I agreed.

It was a Friday night, downtown...ahhh, what a headache it was looking for parking, all you do is go around in circles! You can also park underground of the Calgary Tower for a price, I think it's about ~$6 after 6PM.  OR if you get lucky just like I get lucky.....you will find street parking.  I parked across the street from Saltlik and went in to meet my gf who was already waiting for me.  

You are greeted by an open concept bar upon entering with loud but comfortable music.  My first thought was that this place seemed very modern with a casual setting.  Unfortunately we were seated at a two top by a door they use in the summer time so there was a little draft.  My gf was there a few minutes before myself and still hadn't received menus and when I met up with her we were looking around, waiting for someone to attend us.  It wasn't a good start to the night.  Finally, I believe the floor manager noticed us and told us he would alert the waitress right away and grabbed us some waters.  It appears that there was a bit of a miscommunication but our waitress was very apologetic and friendly.  Amanda had some questions as she has those darn intolerances and the manager and Makene were very accommodating.  They said that whatever her restrictions were, they would ensure they would do their best to make something she can eat that is tasty!  She went with the Chicken & Arugula salad which was grilled chicken breast, organic greens, it normally comes with avocado, artichokes & mozzarella but she substituted those for tomatoes and slivered almonds and she got the dressing on the side with a wedge of lemon.  I went with the Mushroom and Gruyere burger which came with French fries and I also ordered a side of seasoned broccolli.  Our food came out in a timely manner and it looked deeelish.  Even the plain salad A was having looked pretty appetizing!  The chicken was noticeable seasoned; the vegetables and greens seemed crispy and fresh!  A really enjoyed her salad; she mentioned it was satisfying and fresh.  I really enjoyed my burger, it was a beef all chuck patty with all the fixings on a soft seeded bun.  Tomatoes, lettuce, onions, mushrooms, delicious melted gruyere cheese.  Gruyere cheese is similar to swiss cheese, its sweet but slightly salty and it was very tasty on this burger.  The patty was salty and juicy and the mushrooms were sautéed for the perfect bite.  The fries were skinny, crispy, nicely seasoned shoe string fries which I love.  Just typing makes me want to eat a whole plate of those fries.  The seasoned broccoli was meh.  It seemed a little over seasoned with soggy broccoli but that's okay!  Makene was very attentive, stopping by often to top our glasses off and she was also very sweet!

Overall, Saltlik is a classy yet casual and comfortable restaurant.  You could either dress up for a night out or meet with friends for some drinks.  The booths seem fairly big; can probably fit up to 5 people, maaaaaybe squeeze in a 6th person.  I would totally love a work party here!  I'd say if you're in the area, give Saltlik a try OR if you hit up Banff, they have a location there as well!!  I will definitely be visiting again!Great steaks.  Quick, pleasant service and good atmosphere.  Was visiting from NYC and was quite pleasedExcellent food and service. what's more can you ask from a restaurant. I got the beef carpaccio for appetizer and the filet mignon for main course. Everything was delicious.When you don't work in the core a trek downtown is too often not worth the hassle of fighting the traffic and then having to fork out the price of a good meal just to park your car but I must say that Saltlik is worth it. A business presentation had me heading down to Downtown Calgary and I have to admit that 10 minutes circling a 2 block radius of the restaurant and not finding any parking almost had me heading home but I finally managed to find parking for a flat rate of $29 for the 2 hours I had to be there! Since it was a business lunch the menu was limited to a choice of chicken or steak and of course I had to have steak, what's the point of going to a restaurant that has "A Rare Steakhouse" as its slogan and choosing to have chicken? The steak was cooked to the perfect medium I wanted and was tender and succulent and all a steak could be. The only complaint I would have is that it could have been warmer but there were about 42 of us and from what I could see everyone ordered steak so kudos to the kitchen for delivering so many at the same time and cooked correctly, no mean feat. The steak was seasoned perfectly and the potatoes and vegetables and sauce a perfect compliment to it. The starter to the mean was a baby kale and romaine ceasar. The baby kale was a great addition, sometimes I fine romaine a little too wimpy for the robust ceasar dressing and the kale added a heartiness to the greens and fresh crunchy croutons rounded up the salad. The dessert is was perfect. The chocolate cake warm was the consistency of cake and pudding that was absolutely delicious. The facility was excellent, bright with warm ochre tones. The speaker didn't need the podium and mic set up and the screen presentation was very viewable despite the natural light streaming in from the windows. It was a beautiful day and many took advantage of the outdoor seating consisting of some tables and even a couple of leather sofas that looked very comfortable though I'm not a fan of having to lean forward to eat my food. All in all I would definitely go back to check out the full menu at Saltlik. The staff were superb, unobtrusive and efficient topping up drinks and providing whatever was needed with no disruption to the presentation going on during the meal.Quiet atmosphere steaks cooked to perfection and service was outstanding when back in Calgary again will definitely going againA salt lick is where animals used to gather around to lick a bunch of salt before being shot right in the face by a hunter. One minute you're eatin' some delicious salt and the next thing you know you're up in elk heaven, clinking glasses with Bambi.

So it's an odd choice of a name for a restaurant. But let me put you at ease right away. Nobody comes out and shoots you in the face when you're done eating.

Instead what you'll find is a swanky little place with really delicious food that seems to actually put some "care" into how they serve their meals to paying customers. 

Now, for those of you who care about the aesthetics of the places you eat, let me paint a word picture for you. Careful, it's about to get all harlequin up in here:

Luxurious, spacious booths line the walls. You know you won't be crammed into an awful little Chinese finger trap like you would at Denny's. This makes you happy.  Waitresses smile at you with a twinkle in their eye and a slight swish in their step.  Is it love? Lust? The will to make more money in tips? You can't be sure, but something inside you ignites and before you know it you're smiling back like a glass-eyed, dimple-cheeked cherub. Click, click, click go the high heels. The sound of youth. 
There are fancy coat hangars. Someone very artsy also chose some paintings for the walls; you admire their finesse and panache and pleasing visual qualities. 

Woah! I'll pause here to let my readers take a cold shower or dab the sweat off their brows. what I'm trying to say is, it's a nice place.

To start, I ordered the popcorn shrimp. Now, this place could have gotten all Joey's Seafood on me and delivered a white plate towering with greasy shrimp straight from the fryer. But you know what those sly dogs did? They brought it to me in a retro popcorn box - one of those red and white striped ones - with popcorn on the bottom.

Now if you're wondering if shrimp + popcorn = delicious, it IS. I was wowed by the presentation. Brownie points.

After plowing through that like a man who had been on a desert island for months, I sipped my Keiths and awaited my main course: Chili-brushed ribs with shoestring fries. 

When it came, I was already impressed. A bountiful booty of golden fries and a giant rack of ribs. This place didn't mess around - for what I was paying I expected to leave full, and I would leave full indeed.

The ribs were perfect. A little heat to them, but a tenderness too. Like dating a successful businesswoman. Sure, she's got her image to keep up; can't look weak out there. But when you get her alone, she'll curl up beside you and plant butterfly kisses on your cheek.

Yes, that is how I'd describe my ribs. Like dating a businesswoman. Damn I'm good.

Everyone else I was with loved their meals as well. The steaks were cooked well. The pasta was flavorful and expertly prepared. The desserts looked absolutely amazing - but since 2012 is the year of the six pack, I opted out. Nothing tastes as good as handsome feels.

My twinkly-eyed waitress stopped by to make sure my glass was full, crack a few jokes and treat me like a boss.

In the end, I'd return to Saltlik. It could be a bit tough on the wallet for the budget-conscious, but for a night out, I'd put it up on the "win" list.Just because I missed the one in Vancouver, that didn't last as long as it should've.  

Located right in the heart of the CBD, in terms of decor and ambience, it's a notch classier than an Earl's though a slight edge to the latter in terms of food.

Still a place to be seen.

Also great for private events, their downstairs venue even has a pool table, hi-def tv and sofa seating too.Steaks are good but not the best in terms of proper aging to build flavors.  It is a bit business traveler ambiance due to many hotels surrounding it.We arrived and were promptly seated even though it was very busy for a Thursday night. We were a group of 8 and had a great server who was very friendly and personable. He let us know the specials and took our drink order. He took great care of us all night.

We all ordered different items but the majority of us did have steak as our main entrée.

Steak was phenomenal - cooked perfectly at medium rare with grilled veggies on the side. Dessert of molten lava cake was delicious. Rich and warm. A definite must have.

Food, service and experience were all top notch. Will be back.a solid 4star evening dinner. friendly service, good quality food and even the price tag is nice. Filet Mignon with spicy broccoli as side dish.

go an find out. they have even a patio seeting available!I was a little concerned reading some of the reviews as I have been to this restaurant before and it was excellent.  We went on a Stampede Saturday night and was not disappointed.  The service and food was excellent, especially the lobster mash with a filet.  I will be back again when I come to town.I've passed this place a couple of times and decided to head in after my pedi down the street. I stopped in and perused the menu and decided to eat at the bar and scored one of the last seats. I ordered Kobe Style Meatballs with truffle cream linguini. I took issue with Kobe style instead of straight out calling it Kobe, but bartender assured it was Kobe. I ordered a slightly dirty martini with olives and it came out with a twist. Granted it was made and brought to by a different bartender, and was quickly rectified by my horrified look at the twist (I kid, I just asked where the olives were). The meatballs were good, though not spectacular. The noodles were fettuccine not linguini, and congealed into a solid mass. Dude next to me ordered the rib eye and he was pleased with his meal. I will say one thing that grossed me out. The wall, next to my dining companion dude, was covered in small black specks that I thought were bugs. He touched a couple and it fell off, so it wasn't bugs. Disturbingly, when I mentioned the wall to the bartender when checking out she seemed nonchalant and uncaring. Gross. Won't come again.Steaks.  Amazing Appetizers, great desserts: you're going to gain weight here and love every bite of it!We went here before theatre.  I had onion soup, BBQ ribs, and apple pie.  Came home and was violently ill. Still sick 3 days later.  Everyone else was fine so I'd avoid the ribs in the future.Went here with my SO for a holiday dinner together after seeing a play.  We really enjoyed the service, the ambiance, and the food.Been here for both business lunch and dinner.  Very nice staff and service.  Steak and grilled vegetables were done to perfection both times.  Would recommend for sure.  One note is that it can get loud during the rush so I could see it  not the best place for romance.  Still a very good overall experience.Tasty steaks Alberta beef is the best . Great friendly service.Came here Saturday night to celebrate my birthday with my fiancé. This is my second time here and I liked it much better this time around. The servers were all really friendly and helpful. We ordered the featured soup to start (mushroom) $7 and the house salad $8. I had the chicken and arugula salad (no chicken) and I like how they have a vegetarian option where they decrease the price of the salad since there is no meat on it. All restaurants should do this! My fiancé had the Prime Sirloin $37 and he had them cook it Chicago style which he loved. I believe it is med rare inside and charred on the outside. We had sides of: vegetables, mushrooms and broccoli. All were cooked very nicely. After dinner they brought out a dessert for my birthday. 
Overall, I will return to this restaurant. The food is tasty and portions are good for the price.Food: 3/5
Service: 3/5
Ambiance: 3.5/5
Overall experience: 3.5/5

(1- Terrible; 3- decent; 5- Fantastic)

Saltlik is definitely the place to go for a casual business lunch, but beware it gets packed quickly! The downtown location is spacious (with two floors) and has a very 'earthy' / warm feel it. It also has this gorgeous chandelier of different coloured blown glass as a focal point in its main dining area. 

Our server was friendly, but seemed frazzled right when lunch service started. However, she always made sure we were doing well and didn't leave us high and dry especially during the lunch rush. The food came out in a very reasonable time, could probably finish lunch in an hour.

I would say Saltlik is a more refined version of Moxies. Don't expect anything too fancy or complex on their menu. Their lunch menu consists of light appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pastas, fish (halibut and salmon), and a small selection of steaks (sirloin or NY strip loin) - there is a more extensive steak list for dinner. The prices are reasonable for a sit down business lunch (around $20-$30/meal) depending on what you get.

My friend and I ordered the 'Calamari' ($14) appetizer to share which was an excellent start to our meal. There were large pieces of tender lightly battered squid, complimented by a squirt of grilled lemon and a mixture of bell peppers, onions, poblanos, and serranos. I rarely enjoy calamari because I could never taste the squid but this was such a fresh and light dish! 

I was torn between getting a sandwich or burger, but decided to try their 'Mushroom & Gruyere Burger' ($15) after remembering my friend telling me they were excellent. The burger was simply made with a slice of cheese, mound of mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, and red onions. I found the burger very bland, one dimensional, and the patty had a bitter burnt taste on the edges. On the bright side I had a very good side of salad which had goat cheese, almond slivers, and strawberries. It didn't even need the extra dressing! 

My friend got their CAB Prime Sirloin ($24) with mashed potatoes and gravy on the side. I was expecting a bigger piece of meat but it was about 4oz-6oz with a spiced crust.

If you don't want to break the bank for lunch, while still have a decent meal I suggest visiting Saltlik if you already haven't. Just don't expect anything too extra-ordinary.Calgary is known for its grade A beef!  I decided to try it since it was close to my hotel.  I found the restaurant crowed and difficult to move around.  Just getting out of my chair proved to be a challenge without banging the chair behind me.

I ordered my blue steak for dinner but I'd better at the other steakhouses such as Kxx.  Don't get me wrong, there was nothing wrong with my steak, just that I was expecting a more since I was in cattle country!  To date, the best I've eaten are in the USA.

Décor was awesome and the waiters were very attentive!We went there for our new years eve dinner. Very nice atmosphere and nice decoration inside the restaurant.The who served us was really friendly and suggested food from their menu. Food was okay!! As it is a steakhouse I was hoping for A class steak. I had their fillet mignon which tasted aright.  Their sticky toffee pudding is really good and nicely presented. Good for group dinner and date night.We will be back! Read some reviews that almost made us not try this place. Our Waiter Tyler was awesome as well as the other staff that checked in frequently to see if we needed anything..great steaks and lobster mashed potatoes!Consistent restaurant for good food and good service. Nice wine selection. A great place to take out of town visitors.3.5 STARS. Food is good to very good (not exceptional). Three members of out party had streak - all 3 steaks were a combo of unfortunately chewy and then very delicious. I had the linguini and enjoyed every bite. The service is good to very good (not exceptional). Younger, trim hostesses dressed in black - some lacked experience that one would expect of a higher-end restaurant.  The ambiance is very good to excellent; a great place and space to relax - get one of the tables by the fireplace if you can (arrive earlier than later to get one). There is no coffee to be had after dinner - none. This is a med-range steak place. Ruth Chris might be a better bet.
Cheers.This is my first review...ever, so please bare with me

As soon as I walked in, my expectations were high. It had a cozy atmosphere with an inviting decor of dark wood walls. The staff was very pleasant and seated us right away. Wine list was good.  I got the Petit Filet (medium rare) which for me was cooked to perfection. Would definitely recommend it. Next time I am in Calgary, it will be my first dinner out.3.5 Stars. Filet mignon, grilled salmon, lobster mash and chocolate soufflé were very good. However, service was slow as we kept looking for our server when our drinks were empty, table maintenance could also have been much better. We had a large group of ppl so I'm assuming it was tough for them to have all of our meals to be to temp. We were not auto gratted for our large party which was nice, unless they forgot.The wife and I went here for an early dinner (5:30) in August.  It was pretty empty when we arrived so we were seated immediately. The staff were very curteous and prompt without being overly attentive. 

We started with the meat and cheese board appetizer which was very good. I had the CAB sirloin (rare) and wife had the filet mignon (medium rare). Both were cooked to the proper temperature, were very tender, nice char, and tasty. I actually preferred the filet to the sirloin. 

The cocktails were delicious and strong. They also had a decent wine list (not extremely long like other places) and we were able to get one of our favourite bottles.

The atmosphere was relaxed and the music was a mix of late 80's to mid 2000's alternative and indie, which we like. 

The total with tip was just about $200, which I consider reasonable for the amount and quality of food and drinks we had.

A family came in with their 10? year old son in shorts and a tank top who couldn't sit still and was bouncing around the booth and playing handheld video game. That was a bit annoying for a more expensive restaurant. The kid was more suited for McDonald's. It would be nice if the restaurant had a minimal dress code (at least sleaves on a shirt). Not a big deal, just took away from the atmosphere.


I will go back.We went to the Chophouse for dinner last night.  All in all it was a good experience.  We had the tuna tartare which was fresh and flavourful.  My wife had the prawn pasta which she enjoyed.  I had a steak which was well cooked with a delicious baked potato.

The only downside to the experience was the service.  I didn't receive a steak knife for my dinner.  Our plates weren't cleared away until our next dish arrived, which meant we sat with empty plates in front of us for 10-15 minutes.

We found out after speaking with our server that two staff members hadn't shown up for work which gave everybody else more tables.  This is obviously not the fault of the staff, but it slightly tarnished the food experience.  Our server was literally out of breath from running around.  

I would recommend this place for the food.  The kitchen seemed to be well organized!A really good restaurant in the heart of Downtown Calgary. My dinner was quite spicy and no where on the menu did it say it was spicy. Regardless, this is a very classy restaurant and I enjoyed my time at the restaurant. As for upscale restaurants go this one definitely is affordable. It has a really trendy ambiance and I would highly recommend it to anyone in the area! Kind of a hidden gem I would say.Maybe nothing and nobody can ever meet my expectations anymore. I wanted so much more with my presentation. It was JUST ok. I have had better steaks from costco made on my bbq. 

I am not giving a bad review, I was just hoping for better. 
boo.Came here with my fiance, father and older sister for late dinner on Sunday. The server we had was ok, def could have been better. The food redeemed the lack of good service though. 
My fiance had the french onion soup $10 which he said was just okay and the peppercorn NY strip $37 which he liked but there was a lot of sauce on it. 
My father had a caesar salad to start and the scallop and prawn linguini $21 but asked for tomato sauce instead of the white sauce that it comes with. He said it was good but quite spicy.
My sister had the filet mignon petite $32 and liked it.
I had the chicken and arugula salad $17 (minus the chicken) with the dressing on the side. Of course, it was brought with the dressing which happens to me a lot. Most places rush the salad out within 3 minutes, this took a good 8-10 minutes for the salad to be remade. 
We ordered 2 sides, the skillet fired mushrooms $11 and the seasonal vegetables $11. Both were good and they have a small/large option (small is for $7).
I want to try this place again, maybe on a Saturday night. It was quite dead when we were there but it could have been because it was Sunday @ 9:15, but it was the long weekend. 
Hope to try it again.For a long time, I didn't like Saltlik. The menu never enticed me and whenever I did order anything it was just blah. I decided to give this place another chance and met a friend here for lunch. 

Half expecting the same old menu, I was elated to see that they had done a turnover and a lot of the items sounded really good. I settled on the shrimp and scallop pasta and my friend got the chicken sandwich.

I was really happy with my choice; the seafood was cooked perfectly and tossed in a tomato pesto that coated the noodles nicely. 

Saltlik, you've won me over. Keep up the good work!Don't get me wrong, I've been to Saltlik a number of times. Unfortunately this last visit was a real bummer. If we return I hope to update this review with a far superior rating.

We had family in town and wanted a nice steak, so naturally Saltlik came to mind. The 4 of us all ordered the special of the night, the Filet Mignon medium rare. I had the lobster mashed potatoes, my hubby had the garlic mashed potatoes, my MIL had the salad & her spouse had the lobster mashed potatoes as well. 

As we waited we ordered the Calamari and Duo Dip starters. Personally I was disappointed that the Beef Carpaccio wasn't on the menu anymore, it's a personal favorite. The environment was loud and chaotic. It's not the restaurants fault that a select group of patrons had no respect for the other dinners, so moving on. 

Finally! Dinner arrives and everything looks lovely. We dig in and the first comment comes from my MIL's partner comments that the Bearnaise sauce is cold, we all agree. This seems odd to us and the (not room temperature but darn right cold) sauce is cooling down the steaks. Then we try the potatoes and all 3 of us have cool potatoes. Talk about disappointing, but we continue to eat.

The steaks seemed fine initially but when I got just shy of the first bite from the side of mine it was rare, not medium rare as I had requested. I politely asked for mine to be sent steak back and cooked a bit more. I kept my potatoes because by this point I was starving! The potatoes were not my favorite (personally I'd prefer smaller lobster pieces) but I worked around them. After i sent my steak back my husband decided his was too rare too and sent his back as well. The server offered to take his potatoes back, which interestingly she had not done with me. I also asked the server to have the Bearnaise warmed, to which she returned to the table to inform me that the chef said 'it was suppose to be that way, and would taste disgusting if it wasn't at room temp." I insisted and oddly enough it tasted far better slightly warmed. *ahem* Might I remind you it wasn't even room temp when it was served, it was down right cold.  From there on out things were 'fine'. At the end when we asked for the bill another gentleman approached the table and offered us desert on the house because he understood there had been issues with the meals. Needless to say it was nearly closing time and my in-laws had early business meetings the next day and we politely declined. He insisted so we agreed to 2 desserts to go. Certainly a nice gesture but for the price of their steak meals I expect better quality that what we experienced.

Will we return? Perhaps. For the $$ I know of a few other places that have yet to let us down.Been to Saltlik multiple time in the past.  Have always gotten the Filet (which is fantastic by the way), but wanted to get something different this time just to mix it up. 

Tried two appies, popcorn chicken (not bad, has popcorn on the bottom) and the dried ribs (not really dried, glazed with a sauce, VERY good and would definitely get again). 

Decided to get the Michaelangelo Chicken Penne.   Not too bad, sauce is a bit on the salty/oily side, but had some good flavour. Pasta was the right texture and the Chicken was cooked well. If I were to come back, I wouldn't get it again.   I'll stick to the Filet or the Ribs with Lobster Mash.Don't waste your time, especially if you have kids with you.  The menu is severely limited and pretentious while also being far overpriced.  I expect the food probably tastes good if you can find something you like from their short list of options, but this is only based on atmosphere and price since we stood up and walked away without ordering anything when we couldn't even find a decent cocktail on their menu.Went there during the Big Taste for lunch and had a great experience. I'm not a steak person but I truly enjoyed the steak served for the Big Taste. The sticky toffee pudding is worth the visit alone. The service was outstanding and we managed to have a three course meal in just under an hour. Will certainly go again. Very tasty!!I am not a huge steak connoisseur. For some reason, it is just hard for me to be impressed with a grilled slab of meat. However, there were a few times in my life when I was really wowed by the flavour and texture of steak, and it is those fond memories that drive me to visit a steakhouse once in a blue moon. Plus, being in Calgary, I decided it was finally time to try that famed Alberta beef. 

Saltlik seemed like a natural choice - smack in the middle of downtown, with a cool name and a fancy-looking huge glass door that separates the chosen few on the inside from the plebes wandering the 8th Avenue. And I am only half kidding - as I understand, a steak restaurant is a special occasion kind of a place, where you splurge but expect elite food and elite service.

Saltlik, on the other hand, is very down to earth. Too much so, actually. The tiny lobby was being cleaned as I walked in, as if the restaurant was closing. The staff, while very friendly, is not really best educated on the wine and food choices. 

The first surprise came when I found out there was no bread (!) in the restaurant - only garlic bread, which, naturally, is not free. That was a first one for me. The house salad is less than impressive - bitter salads, a couple of cut strawberries and a tiny bit of goat cheese. No tomatoes or other vegetables. But OK, that was just a snack before the big steak dinner. 

I waited, and waited, and then more. Finally, the meat came. What can I say? It was another night of disappointment in my quest for a perfect steak. It was dry-ish and rather tough, despite my lengthy requests for something tender and marbled when ordering. 

So, that's about it for Saltlik. I am afraid it's another case of a restaurant trying to be something it isn't, which is all too common in Calgary, alas.Extremely mediocre food coupled with average service at best delivered a dining experience I wish I could take back. My ribeye arrived undercooked and felt like it was made over an hour prior to serving. The entire experience was very underwhelming, and I should be more upset, but my company was good. This place needs a lot of fixing before it can be deemed a reputable steakhouse.Great service and good food. We have to wait only 15min for the dishes at lunch time.7 of our group here tonite for dinner. Exceptional server assist and care. We all had steaks of some sort, appetizers, very good Ital red wine, and coffee. I had a large filet, rare. Meat was quite good, though grass fed, so not at tender as grain fed beef. Was a bit noisy to my tastes, but is a busy and popular spot. Parking is not easy, so I was in a parking garage several blocks away. Prob would not return.The staff was amazing. Very friendly and very accommodating. The food was very good. If you enjoy steak and hearty side dishes you will enjoy this place. Being from a smaller area, I found the lack of a veggie as a standard side with my potato a bit odd. You will get a steak and a baked potato basically. After that you pay more. I get it big city .. top quality food .. but a simple side veg should be standard at the price. I also asked for some butter for my potato and the delivery girl forgot. It's all good however. It was packed end to end. Overall My complaints are nothing compared to the food you will get. I will come back. :)Saltlik is only alright.  Nothing more, nothing less.  

Some Calgarians talk about Saltlik like it's the second coming; don't believe the hype.The hotel concierge highly recommended this place,  so we tried it out after visiting the Calgary tower. The whole eating experience was excellent. Let's get the price addressed firtst. It is a VERY reasonable place to have lunch considering the serving size, the quality, the service, and the location. The server was very friendly and treated our little one with a great sense of humor.  The onion soup was yummy. The Kobi style meatballs and pasta was really good although my little guy said it wasn't as good as "mommy's turkey meatballs". The house salad with yellow beets was excellent. Husband got the salmon which was very good as well.  The last but not least is the calamari.  Now,  this is a must try appetizer. No joke! The pieces were cooked to perfection. They are not like the skinny pieces we normally get at restaurants. These are like steak-looking pieces. And the portion was huge like a meal itself. I liked the pieces of hot peppers on top. Very pretty and tasty at the same time. We will definitely come back again.  Oh by the way,  whatever you do, try to visit the bathrooms downstairs.. .very luxurious. We also found out that the Saltlik in Banff has different owner from this restaurant. The name is the same,  but it is all about it.wow this place is amazing! come here during stampede week and it's 6 stars because the waitresses are all wearing daisy dukes and cowboy boots! We all know Calgary girls are sexy, especially with shorts on and long legs. ;)

oh wait, this is a food place. 

This place is not expensive at all for an upscale steakhouse and the quality of their steak is phenomenal. Definitely worth visiting a few times. 

Order the fillet mignon.The table was ready when I arrived. Staff warm and accommodating and my server Jacky was a star. Great steak. Good wine. Great dinner.Made a reservation for Sat night arriving a few minutes early and was immediately greeted by a friendly hostess who sat us right away. The ambiance is great and the chatter of patrons carries through the place as people are obviously enjoying themselves. Barely sat and almost instantly asked, maybe too fast but not a complaint, about drinks. Then our server, Yaz, arrived and we were duely impressed by his demeanor and professionalism! For a date night, it was off to a great start! Cups of onion soup were nice for a starter, followed our main courses: filet rare with lobster mash - amazing! Absolutely melted in my mouth! My sexy other half had a NY Strip with blue cheese and lobster mash. Steak was nice, but she enjoyed the mash more I think. A veggie medley accompanied for a complete meal that was excellent! I have eaten here a couple times previously but don't recall it as being as good as it was!! Highly recommend this steakhouse!I've always enjoyed an expensive night out, and Saltlik can fulfil that for you.  However, it's usually worth the money.

Their steaks are cooked perfectly, their fish is to die for, and they have a decent selection of wine.  

The crusted halibut and the salmon are incredible for fish lovers.  They used to serve an awesome sea bass with a lemon risotto, but have since removed it from the menu.  And nowhere on the menu can you get any type of risotto anymore.  I'm dying slowly inside because of this.

Overall, if you want a bit of class and fine dining to your life, this is a nice place to keep in mind.Stopped here with my wife for a nice dinner before going to a show. Very comfortable seating outside on Stephen Ave. Nice ambiance and professional service. The food was quite good and the prices reasonable.  Tried the scallops and the cheese pate for appetizers and both were excellent. We both tried the petite fillet and were happy with the results. Have also tried the Saltlik in Banff and found it quite good as well.
We would recommend both locations for a nice dinner out on the town.The wood paneled ambiance aimed for high-end and celestial.  Steak was cooked to specification and tasted fine.  This place is good enough  to have a meeting with a CXX, VP of [blah] .  Food may be pricey but the conversations could be educational and worthwhile.   If you are looking for the greatest food at a down-to-earth price, may need to keep looking.  This is also within easy walking distance of the tower and nearby hotels so it is easy to go sightseeing afterwards before hitting the hay.  Should consider looking at other reviews in context as your experience could vary.Waited at our table for over 20 minutes, no wait staff came by at all.  No drink orders, no water, nothing. 


Walked out and went to Ruth's Chris instead.Perfection! 

Comfortable atmosphere, juicy melt-in-your-mouth filet, and duck fat fries. 

The service is exceptional - personal and non intrusive.  

I will return here during my next trip to Calgary!Hello Mr. Server.  You were awesome.  Great service from this gent.  I made my nerd comments.  I 'eeeehhhhhhh'ed  when he said Canadian lamb was on special.  I had ribs and the woman I was with had a steak.  Our starter was the mac and cheese.  Holy crap, it was freaking delicious.  I almost got arrested because it made me feel too sexy.  Yum yum.  I still need to repeat something to the folks there.....Risotto.  Everybody and their dog loves it.  Put it on you menu.  I love classy places, but risotto is classy.  Wink wink ;)The ambience of this restaurant is incredible! Very easy to hold private and intimate conversations as the noise level is very manageable. Onto the food: the steak is absolutely fantastic, sides are incredible and most importantly, the service is fantastic. Morgan, our server, was incredibly engaging, very thoughtful and very attentive. The only reason this restaurant is not a five star was the tableware. When you order wonderful sides and a big steak, the plates need to be larger. Managing delicious sides and a big steak on a small plate is very difficult. Morgan and the entire team made our 25th wedding anniversary celebration a spectacular event. Highly recommend!Excellent... Again! Have never been disappointed here and i am pretty hard to please. Waitress suggested med rare rather than rare for rib eye. And was absolutely right, even though i often choose blue.

Not cheap but very very goodGood quality meat is expertly cooked at this upscale establishment.  Think of this as a once a year kind of place.  Pretty pricy, but you get what you pay for.  Excellent martini selection and the service is pretty standard.  Good ambiance.  Overall, a great jumping point for a memorable night out!I have never been to this restaurant before but they had a booth at the Rocky Mountain Food and Wine Festival this year (2018) and the food items that they had there were amazing! 
The were serving: 
- Beef Tenderloin with Parsnip Puree 
- Brisket Sliders 
- Espresso Brownies 

The tenderloin was a little dry considering it was on a bun but still delicious!tl;dr: excellent service, but the kitchen staff's expertise was a flop.

Two friends and I went as part of a fancy night out, and we all ordered rib-eye steak. Disappointingly, it tasted like we were given slabs of roasted cardboard. Our server was impeccable regarding the matter, and insisted that we be given something else so we didn't leave hungry, and took all of the steaks off the bill.

My chosen meal replacement (chicken vegetable noodle soup) arrived minutes after I'd ordered it, but made me violently sick within the hour.

Service: 5/5, excellent service, highly apologetic that things weren't 100% satisfactory, and made every effort to make up for it
Food: 1/5, good carrot cake, but the cuts of beef used for our rib-eye steaks were exceptionally poor. Tasteless, not well-marbled, and dry. Chicken soup incited violent sickness soon after leaving the restaurant.
Atmosphere: 4/5, original decor and sculptures, dim intimate lighting, classy bathrooms.Honestly for the price it's nothing special. Service is alright, but a little overbearing. My wife and I went here for a date night and were asked about our meal no less than 5 times. 

As for the steak- again it was okay. Frankly at 40 bucks I expect a little more though, and have probably had better steaks at the keg.Great service food was really good. They cooked my husbands steak wrong but he ate it anyway.Saltlik sits at the intersection of Tourist & Traffic in downtown Calgary, so we were a tiny bit apprehensive, despite receiving a recommendation, but...

The steaks were fantastic, service was friendly (our Somm was eager and helpful) and we truly enjoyed our evening. It was crowded and a bit loud at times, but Saltlik never missed a beat with us. Well done! (pun intended)We managed to get a table late on a Saturday night. The restaurant was busy and the atmosphere was good. 

Our waitress was very attentive, made good conversation and gave good advice on the food.

I ordered the Sirloin, medium rare, and it was well cooked although I feel the steak was under seasoned. The peppercorn sauce was ok but not as flavourful as I have had before. The steak comes with a loaded baked potato as standard an it was average. Again I felt it needed more seasoning, could have been hotter/crispier and the topping could have been melted more.

My girlfriend had the slow roasted chicken which was very good and was a large portion (half a chicken). All in all great value!

The waitress suggested the chocolate lava cake for dessert and it was delicious, a perfect end the the meal.

Overall I give Saltlik a 3.5. The service and atmosphere was good but I feel the food could be made better.First off I am in medical private industry. I travel for a living. I'm downtown Calgary for once. One of the better 8th ave restaurants appeared to be the Saltlik. I was greeted warmly and told the hostess I would just take a table in the lounge. I sat for 5-8 minutes and the server walked by me several times without a word. I then went to the bar and ordered a beer. After being seated another 5 min the server approached me and asked for my order. Not mentioning the nearly 15 min I had been there already. When food arrived I had no cutlery so another server noticed and brought me some. I flagged down my server and asked for a glass of water. She got one from the bar and literally slammed it down without a word and walked away. Never once asked me how my meal was. I returned to the bar and requested a glass a wine. The bartender literally forced my server to bring me a glass of wine. She came back only when I had finished my meal and  had sat there with empty glasses for several min. I have spent 10000 + easily in restaurants in the last cpl years entertaining groups etc. I have never in my life had more ignorant terrible service. The food was decent although any idiot can make tender ribs and throw them in a bucket of ice cold sauce. Tip my hat to the bartender that looked after me and was more than understanding at the end of my night. Mangers were too busy drinking wine with staffOne word, amazing! We went to Saltlik for the first time last nite, what a beautiful restaurant! Definitely impressed. Our server James was great, very friendly, and down to earth, all while still being professional.

We had the popcorn shrimp, soooooo good. Lobster mashed potatoes are a definite must have.... I'm drooling just thinking about them. Both of our steaks were cooked perfectly, great portions. Dessert was a chocolate ganache cake, save room!

It is kind of pricey, I guess some people would think that? But well worth it. Not to mention they played some awesome music, a mix of everything from Guns'n'Roses to The Killers.

It was a perfect way to spend our anniversary, and I would recommend going there to anyone!We decided to grab a seat at the bar and watch the hockey game on a Sat night.
A few people were in the small lounge, no one was at the bar. Unless you count all the staff.
Beer was good, drinks were good, service at the bar was decent. Prices for drinks average.
This place had weird management. The staff all come out to the bar to eat, next to us, their patrons. They were loud, bordering on obnoxious and treated the bar staff like crap while some enjoyed drinking free bottles of wine. The manager was enjoying her bar seat as well until she had to go and deal with customer complaints. (not ours)
We did not try any of the food and I am not sure I would return here.
Not my idea of how a nice restaurant should run. I am not sure if the owner is just lax or what but I think he/she would do better business to tighten up ship a bit regarding staff policies... Its ok. 

That's about it. Pretty pricey and for a steak house, the steaks were pretty tough.. Not over cooked massive, my medium steak was perhaps medium well, but no way should have been as tough if you believe their own Steak write up. Not sure its worth the price tag, probably better off at Ruth's Chris down the street

.. Adding an extra point. When you're spending $80 on  a meal, please serve filtered water and not the crap from the tap that smells and tastes like a public swimming pool laced with chemicals, that just trashed my meal and re-rating to 2There's a hall upstairs you can use for a private partyGreat service & food.Great serviceOne of my favorite place in 8 ave! Since I'm a fun of calamari and tuna tartare, I run to here whenever I crave a small portion.I love their tuna tartare.Take the waitresses suggestions - everything we had, she had some small simple tip to make it better.Do not use this restaurant if you are planning an event for a large group!
Last night I was there with a group of 42 people.

 The noise level was so high people needed to shout at each other to be heard.Washrooms are downstairs to the left of the barGreat service and great food.  Spend your money here instead of Canmore!Beef Carpaccio & Ahi Tuna Salad were delish!Great filet mignon steak! Friendly and quick service.Duo of Dips is really good!Yuuuuuuuuuuuupp!!!!!Awesome filet mignonGood food. Terrible serviceTry the cheese pate - excellent.If you have a large group go upstairsGreat steak and chops!Sautéed mushrooms are awesome!Best steak everHunters chicken, apple desert is outstanding!Hunters chicken! I want to give this place a 5 because the food is so good. Its actually AMAZING! I am a big family person which means I spend lots of time with my Mom, and Grandma and Grandpa- not just boyfriend and friends. I had been to this restaurant once before and it was so good that I wanted to bring my family. I went here with my Grandma and Grandpa and unfortunately the restaurant I found to be the music to be way to loud that day and it was not that way when I had been there the last time. It was almost like a nightclub. I believe that at a restaurant the music should be moderately loud but not overly loud. People, obviously, talk and restaurants and need to be heard so the volume increases from people talking over each other. This music seems to be trying to be louder than the people which is not how it should be. That is why Anejo is losing a star- for how loud it is but the food is amazing! 
I have had under the "Sharing for Two" the Guacamole (avocado, cilantro, jalapeño, onion, tomato and lime salt) and Salsa De Molcajete (oven roasted tomatoes, jalapeño, roasted garlic, grilled lime and onions). Of the two I would recommend the salsa as it had more flavour. The guacamole needs more lime, but it was fairly bland. The serving of chips that comes could also be a little bigger.. They make it right at your table to alter to your level of spicy which is a nice touch. 
I have also had the Ceviche Tostadas (seasonal ceviche, lime, cabbage, avocado) which was not my favourite ceviche I have had. They were generous with the amount they put on the cracker but too generous as it was too heavy for the cracker and the cracker would break. The cabbage was not a good choice on these and again it needed more flavour. The seasonal ceviche when I went was Salmon and shrimp. 
I have also had the avocado toast off the brunch menu which was AMAZING! The best thing I have eaten there so I would highly recommend this. 
Really.. you don't go there to eat though- you go there to drink. I have had every margarita on the menu and my favourite is strawberry rhubarb or the seasonal (when I went) was pomegranate. I also like the Guava but it is too thick and my Mom's favourite is the Coconut Child which reminded me of the Mango heat slurp from 7-11... sadly. 
Therefore, if you go there you need to get at least two sensational margaritas and the avocado toast. 
They have a patio as well and it gets lots of sun which is nice but it is small. Not many tables on the patio either- mostly street seating.Easily my favorite Mexican restaurant in Calgary! The tacos are STELLAR, the service is great, and the salsa de molojete is absolutely fantastic! My fiance and I are huge fans and we go pretty frequently. As for their drinks - I love the paloma, and the classic margarita is perfect as well.

Service can be a tad slow, but never slow enough that it's a problem. And we've always have had friendly servers. It gives you a chance to sip your margaritas, relax and chat with your dinner companions. 

Great ambiance, food, drinks and pretty good service!A friend and I decided to stop in to check out the much-lauded "halfy hour" specials from 3-5pm daily at Añejo, which I definitely think it lived up to in value and drink quality. We ordered 2 margaritas: a mango (at the suggestion of the server) and a guava (at the suggestion of my craving for tropical fruit), to start. The scotch-sized glasses were unexpected but for the $5 margarita special, especially potent but still very easily drinkable (actually 1.5oz or 45ml of tequila to those of you that have properly metric-ified yourselves). 

Secondly, we had to try the half-price tacos. I had 3 flour tacos with chicken, the smoky adobo pork, and the favourite of the night, the barbequed wild boar. The waitress also recommended the snapper but we're not big on seafood. The tacos were pretty filling as they were quite meat-heavy, so after 3 I was feeling pretty satiated! The flavours were good but I did find the chicken tasted either a little gamey or freezer-burnt. Might have just been the batch. However the wild boar tacos heartily redeemed the chicken ones. Delicious! 

My recommendation for dessert has to be the churros, which we split (2.5 each). If you're not familiar with this common Latin-American dessert you should google it ASAP. The insides of the churros were perfect - eggy and moist like a honey cruller from Tim's, but the outsides were sweet cinnamon crunch. And you know if it's served with warm dulce de leche that it's going to be fantastic.

Overall, I liked the location and interior decoration, and will definitely come back again to work my way down my margarita bucketlist. I'd highly recommend making a reservation on a weekend though because it seemed steadily busy. 

Transit access: 5 stars! For transit commuters and responsible drinkers, there's a bus stop serviced by buses #3/17/419 immediately outside and across the street. For non-drivers this is a great option as the #3 runs almost every 10 min and connects with the ctrain downtown within 10 min as well.Delicious food available here, and the options are good. I had the Mac and Cheese with a tequila sauce and chili panko seasoning, and it was delicious; perfect for a cooler day. The servers are friendly, and if you order the guacamole to start, they will come by and mash it together in front of you!

They have a great selection of tequila at the bar (as a Mexican restaurant should) and the margaritas look delicious. I'll be back to try for sure.

The price can be a bit steep, but worth the cost to get food this good. 3 tacos are $12, Mac and Cheese was $14.The best Guacamole I have ever eaten!!! And those tacos weren't too bad either. 

Had pork, chicken and beef tacos on the corn tortillas and they were delicious! All fresh, shredded meat, very well seasoned and juicy. 

The waitress was knowledgeable and kind- really made our first experience a great one!One my list of favourites at the moment. Fresh yummy food! Guacamole was sooooo soooooo good, chicken tacos and margaritas are awesome and even the red wine list tops it off to a perfect meal!We went to Anejo last night for the first time, based on a recommendation from a good friend.  The appetizers were amazing!  Marguerita's were good - just too small....  the space is pretty cramped but has definite potential for people watching...we will be back but will request a larger table for sure!First try, was quite decent. The drinks are unique (ask them for Margaritta advice)  and the food was tasty. 
I couldn't find anything wrong with the service either, definitely going back to perform further studies!!I've eaten here three times during lunch. 
Service- really quick and great for the business lunch. Ambience is standard with multi level seating on high tables. Food- love the guacamole and chips and have tried the fish, chicken and beef tacos. I like the choice of corn or flour tortilla and the table side sauces- cholula, habanero, and two in-house made. I tried them all as I like the heat!  Our waitress filled our water without being disruptive and checked in on us after food was served and then cleared away dishes quickly for dessert. I had a mango sorbet that had actual mango chunks in it and my coworker had the chocolate cheesecake with a brûlée top. We loved it! Def a solid place to hang out. I'd come here just for drinks and guacamole, yummmm!!!!Wow! What a great experience! Walking into the restaurant put me in the mood for Mexican more than I previously was moments before stepping foot through those gates! The service we were gives was amazing! Good vibe and everyone felt great! Waiter was amazing always making sure we were topped up on chips and salsa! Guacamole is a must have solely for the experience and taste. They mash it up in front of you with everything measured out and it is fresh guacamole you cannot resist! Our main course was delightful as you can see in the photo. It came boiling in a very hot rock bowl! Felt authentic and tasted like real Mexican. Everything was very clean and well plated. Good food for the hands! Overall a really well established restaurant. Every staff member cares about service which is what's expected. Only complaint I have is the tap in the bathroom was rather weak and it made for a challenging time to wash your hands. Other than thatres was amazing! Would recommend!Homemade guacamole. Smooth tequila. Awesome atmosphere. Attentive and friendly staff. Tasty tacos. 
Do: come in the day time to get a table. Order the strawberry or mango margarita. Tortilla warmers and soft bread. 

DONT: forget to tip your waitress 20% (at least)I've been here on a couple of occasions and happily enjoyed myself each time.  The music is fun, the decorations cool and the ambiance delightful.  This is a fun Mexican restaurant and a loud one so if you are looking for a more intimate atmosphere....this is not your place!  

I've tried a variety of food items and not been disappointed.  So far the chile rellenos, tacos and table side guacamole have been my favourites but I admittedly have a long ways to go (lots still to try).  Another stand out that keeps me coming back is the Chile Coconut Margaritas - on the rocks.  Holy delicious and they go down easy!  I've always preferred on the rocks to the slushy version (no brain freeze).

The staff have always been courteous, knowledgeable and helpful.  And since they finally started taking reservations a couple months back I'm more willing to come here more often.  Put it on your bucket list - good times!While our guacamole we drove all the way from Edmonton for was delicious, our service was not so delicious. 

I booked reservations for my mom and I and we were oddly disappointed when we were sat right by the door, a spot you'd think to leave for walk-ins? 

Everything seemed fine at first but eventually we never saw our server anymore. He ventured to every other table around us, but never took the time to ask us how we were doing. He never even brought us another bottle of water.

We ordered a second round of drinks the one time he stopped by but we never got them. Shocking because we were also near the machine where orders are placed, so I don't understand how it could've been missed or forgotten about in such a short distance. 

It was supposed to be a fun night for my mom and I, but instead we felt ignored and like he didn't want to be our server. Not an ideal feeling to have towards your server. 

This wasn't our first time here but it might be our last because of how disappointing the service was. I expected better of this place, I recommend it to anyone who comes to Calgary but after this I don't feel like I can anymore. 

I suggest if you're going to book a reservation here maybe make a comment that you don't want to be sat by the door, might make your experience a bit better than ours was... location wise at least.I had a great first dining experience at Anejo.  The food and drinks were soooo yummy!  We had mango margaritas, coconut tequila, chips with salsa and guacamole made table-side, and shrimp tacos.  I'm usually not a fan of tequila, but Anejo has a selection of higher-quality tequilas.  Overall good service and great hospitality.  I will definitely be back!We were looking for a reservation for 16 folks and Anejo has a great second floor which can accommodate large parties. The first floor was filled with Calgary's version of the "trying to be cool" scene, with a lot of people watching going on. The decor and vibe is slightly eclectic and added to the "out of place" feeling of the joint. 

Food and drinks were solid, with the table made guacamole being the highlight. Excellent selection of beers and ridiculous # of tequila varieties. 

Good times, will be back.Pretty good food, albeit weirdly dry. I had the tilapia taco, which I do not recommend. Service was good though!Hey! Guess what?! You like tequila! No really, you do. 

Possible responses:

1. "Yeah I know I do, Dale. Tequila is the best!" = Go straight to the food section, or better yet, just go straight to Añejo.

2. "No way! I drank it back when I was 18. Tequila is what you buy to punish someone for having a birthday!" = You, my friend are in for an *agave education. Read on.

The first thing you'll learn by some time at Añejo is that tequila isn't bad. Bad tequila is bad. Good tequila, however is very very good. Simple right?
It's smooth, it's drinkable, and it's downright delish!

Another thing you should know is that you don't have to shoot it, in fact you shouldn't. Throw away the salt and the lime (unless you're making a margarita) and enjoy a tasty tequila cocktail (including margaritas) or get yourself a nice sip-able tequila and just sit back and enjoy. I'm sure that in their over 100 types of tequila they have on hand, the bartender will be able to find you something you love.

Cocktails! 
This place loves margaritas and after a bit of time here, you'll love them too. When it comes to margaritas, they have 10 to choose from. Sit down, you're going to be here for a while. My favs are, in second place, the Chili Coconut: Blanco tequila, triple sec, coconut syrup, habañero and citrus. In first place, The Mezcalarita  Basically a regular margarita but like I just taught you that you love tequila, this one finally taught me that I love mezcal. Mezcal, Triple Sec, Agave syrup and lime. The smokiness of the mezcal adds some delightful complexity to the beloved margarita while still maintaining a bunch of its more refreshing, drink-them-all-day-in-the-sun qualities of the margarita.

Food!
It's been a while since I've eaten a full dinner at Añejo, but I remember quite enjoying myself. It's high end, foodie style Mexican fare. The table-side guac is good for any occasion. Especially occasions where you want guacamole! 

*Agave - a succulent plant with rosettes of narrow spiny leaves and tall flower spikes. It's what Tequila is made from! Yum!Kim (head chef) looked after my dietary concerns and the manager Simon looked after the rest! Amazing food and amazing service!Happy hour is amazing and the service is always incredible. Everyone who works there is friendly, helpful, and clearly enjoy there work. LOVE coming here. Half off tacos, margaritas and tequila 3-5.I went to Anejo restaurant on a Tuesday night with my girlfriends for a fun birthday night out- thinking it would be a great experience.  It really was not.  I unfortunately went here thinking there would be some options for vegetarians, but only to find a couple.  The issue is, if you can't eat cilantro you are ultimately out of luck.  I first ordered a margarita which was so sweet I could barely drink half of it.  When it came time to finally order food and our server came back 45 min later I had let her know of my dietary restrictions.  I had asked her if I could just order plain tortilla shell with rice inside, but without cilantro.  She said she would ask the kitchen staff if they could do that for me.  Unfortunately when she came back she said that all the rice they had was pre-made with cilantro.  I asked if I could get some fresh rice made and she said they wouldn't do that.  She then offered me a cheese quesadilla as a different option that the kitchen could make.  I agreed as that sounded great- so I ordered a cheese quesadilla with sour cream and no cilantro.  To my surprise when it came back there was two- FOUR inch tortilla's with a skiff of cheese in the middle and cut up into tiny pieces and garnished with cilantro....nice.    I asked her if that was all it came with and she seemed angry with me that I didn't "express how hungry I was".  She then went on to tell me as if I were a child that I can eat that and let her know if I was still hungry afterwards.   I left feeling let down, hungry and with a bill that included a $8.00 four inch quesadilla that couldn't fill up a two year old.  I will not be going back any time soon.We went to this restaurant without a reservation and were surprised to wait only a few minutes to get in. We tried a few of the flavored margaritas. The fruity ones were ok, but the ginger margarita was definitely my favorite. It was a classic lime margarita with a hint of ginger and paired well with the food. I had quite a few! We also had the guacamole prepared at the table. It was delicious, fun to watch, and informative. The only regret was that it was a bit too filling for two of us with tacos and shrimp still to come. The tacos were very good as well. They were small and manageable to eat and I enjoyed that it came with a variety of spicy toppings to add. Drink service was a bit slow, likely not the waiters fault but because the bar was a bit busy. We will go back. Maybe on a less busy night.If I ever go back to Calgary I know I will hit this place up. The food was so fresh and delicious! It was also a perfect spot to people watch on the terrace. 

Table side guacamole was so good and they asked you how mild or hot you wanted it.  The beef tacos were very good but slightly too greasy for me. I had to squeeze to drain out all the grease and then enjoy the tacos. 

Our service was a tad bit slow but a street festival had just ended and they were swamped. We totally understood and enjoyed the people watching while waiting for our drinks,food, or bill.Went to Añejo last night in some Mexican craved madness. Oh-my-Gawd (Janice from 'Friends' voice) , soooo good!!

I'm vegetarian so, the fact that they had corn tacos was so exciting for me! Eee, and they were delish.

We also got the guacamole to start and they literally make it fresh in front  of you. I am so pleased with everything. The service was awesome and quick. The environment was also lovely. Really cool dark set up. 

5 stars!OK.  So there are many amazing things about Anejo. The Guacamole is amazing. I'm sure the drinks are lovely, but we didn't have any. I'm just consistently disappointed by the food! I've been before and had the enchiladas which were ok, and last night we shared the shrimp and pork belly tacos. Everything was just so overdone, the flavors were drowned out. Delicious pork belly with a sweet and sour sauce layered with pickled onion? Maybe i dont have a refined enough palette but it was just an odd combination. Also really really heavy on the raw onion. If you're expecting traditional authentic mexican food, this is not the place.I would say the best Mexican option in town! A great evening atmosphere with friends with quality pub style Mexican food. Prices are high for the location and rariety of Mexican establishments in Calgary. It's not Mexico, but can easily fool an untraveled Calgarian into an authentic Mexican food experience.Went here a couple of years ago for my birthday, have not stopped going back, from the moment you walk in you are greeted with a friendly smile (okay, I get a hug now too).
The food is great, never been disappointed, I like to sit at the bar or the patio in the summer time.  
It is a relaxing place, no tv to interupt you visit with friends.

Try the luncheon special or the table side guac.
I love the martini. . . I am very specific with them and Luis, Adam and the gents make a great oneJune 2017
Given 4 star rating: I want to give this place a 5 because the food is so good. Its actually AMAZING! I am a big family person which means I spend lots of time with my Mom, and Grandma and Grandpa- not just boyfriend and friends. I had been to this restaurant once before and it was so good that I wanted to bring my family. I went here with my Grandma and Grandpa and unfortunately the restaurant I found to be the music to be way to loud that day and it was not that way when I had been there the last time. It was almost like a nightclub. I believe that at a restaurant the music should be moderately loud but not overly loud. People, obviously, talk and restaurants and need to be heard so the volume increases from people talking over each other. This music seems to be trying to be louder than the people which is not how it should be. That is why Anejo is losing a star- for how loud it is but the food is amazing! 
I have had under the "Sharing for Two" the Guacamole (avocado, cilantro, jalapeño, onion, tomato and lime salt) and Salsa De Molcajete (oven roasted tomatoes, jalapeño, roasted garlic, grilled lime and onions). Of the two I would recommend the salsa as it had more flavour. The guacamole needs more lime, but it was fairly bland. The serving of chips that comes could also be a little bigger.. They make it right at your table to alter to your level of spicy which is a nice touch. 
I have also had the Ceviche Tostadas (seasonal ceviche, lime, cabbage, avocado) which was not my favourite ceviche I have had. They were generous with the amount they put on the cracker but too generous as it was too heavy for the cracker and the cracker would break. The cabbage was not a good choice on these and again it needed more flavour. The seasonal ceviche when I went was Salmon and shrimp. 
I have also had the avocado toast off the brunch menu which was AMAZING! The best thing I have eaten there so I would highly recommend this. 
Really.. you don't go there to eat though- you go there to drink. I have had every margarita on the menu and my favourite is strawberry rhubarb or the seasonal (when I went) was pomegranate. I also like the Guava but it is too thick and my Mom's favourite is the Coconut Child which reminded me of the Mango heat slurp from 7-11... sadly. 
Therefore, if you go there you need to get at least two sensational margaritas and the avocado toast. 
They have a patio as well and it gets lots of sun which is nice but it is small. Not many tables on the patio either- mostly street seating.

December 2017
Given 5 star rating: The margarita of the month is mandarin with a cinnamon rim which is really interesting in a good way! 
I finally tried the tacos too. Overtime I go I always say I am getting the tacos and then I end up getting something else. I got the chicken, beef, veg chili, fish and calamari tacos (5 tacos all together). You have the option between corn or flour tacos and I wanted to try each so I got two corn tacos and 3 flour tacos. The corn taco shells have good flavour but are dry so next time I will just stick with the flour shells. Out of all of those my least favourite was the fish and calamari tacos because it makes the tacos really dry because they are deep friend and then put in a taco shell so I will probably stick with the beef, veg chili and chicken. They also have pork and chorizo but I didn't get those because I don't eat pork so I don't know how those would be.

March 2018:
The margarita of the month is sour cherry with almost a chipotle BBQ rim which is interesting. I don't know if I loved it or Event liked it. It's not my favourite margarita that's for sure. The tacos of the month are jerk chicken which are good. I also had the shrimp tacos again- they are my favourite!

Rather than posting every month a paragraph I thought it would be easier to just list the Margaritas of the month: 
- December 2017: Mandarin with a Cinnamon Rim 
- January 2018
- February 2018
- March 2018: Sour Cherry with a BBQ Rim
- April 2018: Pineapple
- May 2018:  Pomegranate with a sugar rim
- June 2018: Paloma (Grapefruit) margarita
- July 2018: Watermelon Margarita with a sugar rim 
- August 2018: White Peach Margarita with a sugar rim
- September 2018: Passionfruit Margarita with a sugar rim
- October 2018- 
- November 2018
- December 2018We went to Anejo for a late-night dinner and drinks.  Being from Los Angeles I know a fair bit about Mexican food and Tequila, so we were really excited.

The tequila selection was definitely decent - I'd like to try a flight sometime, but I was really hoping to be "sold" on the idea by my waiter, who never mentioned it.  We settled on margaritas, my boyfriend had an original and I had a Mango.  I felt the margaritas were decent but wished they weren't so sweet.  I asked for salt on my rim instead of sugar which helped.  I will say, that both my bf and I make homemade margaritas all the time with freshly squeezed lime juice so we are spoiled.  I really wish that a restaurant that is a "tequila bar" would serve a real margarita with lime juice instead of sweet mix, or so much agave.

Second, the food.  We ordered the Queso Fundido, which I thought tasted like pizza in a bowl.  Was delicious, but hard to eat - my suggestion is for them to add another type of softer cheese to this to provide a more dip like texture which would be easier to eat on a chip.  I ordered the Short Rib Tacos (3), which were underwhelming - where's the flavor guys - the meat was bland, and the condiments boring.  Also, the salsas they served in the little glass bowls were really bland and I missed a real pico de gallo or a table salsa to dip the chips in.  Next time I guess we will try the guacamole.

My boyfriend had the Mole Chicken which he thought was okay, however it lacked the depth of flavor that we would have liked.  The complexity and layers of flavor of a real mole are something we were looking forward to and this was just, basically a standard sauce without much gusto.

For dessert - we had the molten chocolate cake with tequila berries which I thought was delicious and memorable.

I feel that the ambiance at Anejo is cute, they are lacking in the food and drink department however which is what will bring their customers back once the "newness" of the establishment wears off.  Also for the same price we could dine in a really amazing restaurant like Ox and Angela, or Una or somewhere that I find the food and atmosphere to be first rate.Went here for a second date last night. I had a cerveza and she had a margarita. We ordered guacamole based on friends recommendation and it was amazing. Served in a lava rock bowl, they bring all the ingredients and mix it fresh right in front of you. 
For entrees we shared six flour tacos. They had the perfect amount of meat and greens, we added a slight amount of hot sauce for a kick. 
The only downfall to going here for a date is how loud it was. It's a concrete jungle with music playing, so can get very loud. 
I highly recommend making reservations as it gets really busy.Just really overpriced for what it is.  Decent mexican food, though small portions.Our waiter was awesome... initially. The way he described one of the drinks when we sat down was so enticing, both my friend and I were immediately sold on it. As well as the second drink, even though it wasn't as delicious (but still tasty!) as the first. While the margaritas in other places in town may be bigger, Añejo scored points for quality.

But then as the night went on, he started to disappear more frequently and by the time our meal was over, might as well have changed in to a red and white sweater and called himself Waldo. We were constantly scanning the restaurant for him. I was on the fence about ordering the Strawberry Rhubarb margarita for dessert (since none of the desserts at Añejo are vegan, which, no surprise there... but if you're going to tell people on your menu to ask for the vegan options, actually having options would be nice), but since he took so long to come back; my food had settled and I no longer wanted it. 

Also, when he brought out our chips and salsa, he also brought out the 3 salsas that are meant for the tacos. Neither of us realized this initially, and just assumed he'd bring out more salsa for the tacos. But nope, that was it. Not a terrible thing, it just made the main course of the evening kind of bland and dry, and since he kept disappearing; we couldn't ask for more. As for the tacos themselves, since I wrote my last review, they've changed the veggie tacos to black bean. Instead of fried strips of tofu, you now get raw black beans. They're not bad, would be great if they had both tofu and black beans, and the black beans had a bit more flavor to them, but they're okay. I'd get them again. The corn tortillas seemed a little undercooked, but I'm glad they're available.

So... again, on the fence. This was really more of a 3.5 star visit, would've been 2.5 if the other staff weren't so awesome and kind of made up for our friendly, yet absent-minded Where's Waldo. Drinks were great, salsa is delicious, though not spicy (in terms of heat) at all. Probably need a third visit to seal things for myself :).Absolutely amazing food and even better selection of Tequila.   The ambiance and clientele change markedly between happy hour and the evening but that just makes for even more of an experience.  Wife and I love this place and even make a point to take out of town guests whenever possibleI threw up when I got home after eating at Anejo.  Watch out for the fish tacos - mine was rancid.  And in general the food was mediocre and overpriced.  The strawberry margarita I had was tasty but TINY!  Less than half the size of margs at better Mexican restaurants.  If all you care about is ambience, attractive waitresses, and wide tequila selection this place might be for you.Been here a few times for some afternoon eats and drinks. Today ( Friday, February 9th, 2018) was probably my most disappointing experience. Sat by the bar under the leaking windows. My party should have worn rain jackets. It was raining water down on us while it was minus 20 outside. 

The pros: drinks are decent and are in line with pricing for other cocktail bars in the area. My server was an absolute gem...

The cons: if you get a chance to be around when the owner is behind the bar, you get to hear him yell C**T and F**K and drink beer with his buddies. We are talking 345 in the afternoon. If it wasn't the owner, then I guess it's cool to have your bartenders stand behind the bar drinking again.

I can Support douchebag somewhere else. I won't be back.Met girlfriends for lunch here. We all had two or three tacos, a margarita and shared the Amazing guacamole. Highly recommend starting with the guacamole. There is a patio that looks onto 4th. Def going back for more guacamole and tacos. Wish they had blended margaritas tho.If I had one tip for you, Anejo, it would be to show your customers some respect and not treat them like idiots. Just because your entire wait staff is white and your customers are white doesn't mean that we have no idea what Mexican food or tequila are. I won't be back and recommend that you do yourself a favour and go to Los Chilitos instead, their staff is Mexican and treat you right.I've been to anejo twice.  The first time just for drinks and this time for food. We went around 4:00pm and the restaurant had about three tables already. We stood at the front door for about 10 minutes to be seated and no one came. We decided to seat ourselves. 

We waited another 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us and when they finally did they asked who seated us. When we told them now one the waiter seemed annoyed. 

We ordered tacos and some tequila.  The tequila wasn't really my favourite but I don't really know much about tequila so not really the restaurants fault. 

The tacos were alright but they were really just a lot of purple cabbage and some meat and by the time they brought the hot sauces we had mostly finished. 

The restaurant itself is designed nicely and I could see it being a nice date night if they can pick up on the speed and friendliness. 

The waiter sat with us after we paid to tell us about tequila and what each type was like / the taste. Would have been nice to know that before hand as we'd have likely enjoyed the tequila more and perhaps purchased more. 

I'd give them another try but probably not for a while, there's much better tequila and taco places in this city for the price.Great atmosphere and excellent tequila selection.. if you are a beginner with tequila try the silver Asom Broso - really nice!We went on a weeknight. And it was decently busy. Went with guacamole bc of everyone's reviews. And yup it's so amazing. The service was fast. We tried tacos and I liked their fish tacos the best. Will be back again.Great margaritas!!.. And very good appetizers!.. The three ceviches were great!!.. And the ahi tuna was very good as well.. I was told the guacamole is very good, so I would like to go back to try it... In addition, The service was very friendly...Had lunch here on Wednesday.  This was my second visit.  My date and I each had a torta, a Mexican sandwich. I had the coconut shrimp, she had the pulled pork. They were both 'ok'. Not bad, not great. My main complaint is with their Margaritas.  I  am certain they use the premixed stuff from Costco liquor store. I buy that stuff all the time - a litre bottle costs $20. I'd recognize the flavour anywhere. I noticed they have the Marg premixed behind the bar, they keep it in a Patron bottle, so it looks more 'authentic'. They pour a tiny splash of it in a short glass FULL of ice, and charge $9. I finished mine in 3 small sips. What a rip-off.We walked in for lunch, and ordered each of the classic tacos listed on the menu along with a side of guacamole. The service was friendly, the food was okay, with the flavor falling flat. You are provided with 3 bottles of sauce, one habanero, one jalapeno medium and one they dubbed "the mexican ketchup". The venue was dark and dimly lit. Though we won't be returning for the food, we might come back to try the drinks at the bar.I came here because of all the hype about how good it was, service was meh, food was honestly some of the worst Mexican food I've had. I had the guacamole which is something you can't go wrong with, but the tacos were awful, odd seasoning on the meat and they garnished it with green pepper which left for an odd taste. I had the chicken,pork and beef tacos and liked neither of them. I tried my friends tortilla soup and it tasted like a sauce, very potent and sweet. Definitely could not eat a whole order of it. I love Mexican and I eat a lot of it and would not come back or recommend it. This restaurant is the furthest thing from authentic.Since i am not a social drinker, i take advantage of their Happy Hour for their tacos, the tacos are great, especially the Fish. I have been there 3 times and had a great time everytime, great service, great food, and from what my friends say, great drinks. The one dish i noticed while i was there on every table was the Guacamole, i had it all the times i was there, they mix the ingredients in front of you, fresh and tasty, i will for sure go more often, as the experience was always good.Excellent Tacos! Went for lunch with my wife and two young boys (1+3). Originally felt a little out of place as it is really a bar complete with a with a wall of alcohol, not exactly a family friendly atmosphere. But the waiter made us feel very welcome and the food is super! We ordered 7 tacos between us but it just wasn't enough so we ended up ordering another three! My favorite was the wild boar and my wife loves the adobo pork. All are great though.The atmosphere in this place reminds you like you just walked into a Modern Mexican tavern. There tons of stuff to look at, and the guacamole is DELISH! Its made fresh right at your table, and is to die for. There cocktail list is great, I would suggest the Blood orange margarita in a pitcher with a straw because its so good! 

We shared some tacos as well, the pork was perfectly juicy and have nice flavour, the chicken and the fish seemed a bit dry. Service has always been great whenever we have been in. I even had a work christmas party here years ago and they had a nice space for us upstairs, with tons of food!Having lived in San Diego I have been many to a Mexican restaurant.  And while I have been here once, I definitely appreciate how Añejo prepares the guacamole.  Very fresh and it's made table side.  Cool. 

The margaritas as previously stated by fellow yelpers are outstanding.  I chose to order the Ahi tuna niçoise salad and while it doesn't scream "Mexican" per say, it was perfectly prepared paired well with the hot sauces offered.  

The ambience is energetic and "bustlily"( I know it's not a real word ). And be prepared to be a loud talker.  Because it can get packed in there.  

Overall, I'll go back there again but perhaps I'll sit outside next time though!Their happy hour drinks and tacos are gr8- especially the guava margarita , in terms of taste and value for money . I wouldn't bother with the regular priced menu and drinks- much better places out there .I've been here quite a few times. I would always get their different margaritas and fresh made guacamole, which was delicious. I ate a full meal here for the first time got the 6 classic tacos and found them very bland. I was really expecting more from these as I loved their cocktails and guac so much. Unfortunately when trying to approach a bartender (as we were sitting at the bar) about this, he really couldn't have cared less. Unfortunately there are other places to get fresh guac, better tacos, and great margaritas WITH servers/bartenders who care for a better price. Decor and layout of the restaurant was nice.Seriously DELICIOUS. The chips w guac is to die for- it's made fresh at your table and is as good as it gets. Tacos are small, but fresh and delicious. Grab a mango margarita while you're at it for the best mexican food in calgary!I'm from Southern California so had doubts about Mexican food in Canada especially since it's my favorite but couldn't stay away and wanted to try the local offerings. 

My waitress was incredibly friendly and attentive. The ambiance/decor was nice however it was so loud it was uncomfortable.  

The ginger margarita was nice.  

Coming from CA, where chips and salsa are an part of the Mexican food experience,  having to pay for it separately (in light of the already high prices in Calgary) was a complete let down

I ordered the chicken tamale plate.  The tamale was good, made well.  The red sauce came separate, was fine bland.  It came with plain white rice and beans that seemed dehydrated and were crumbled on top of the rice.  Calgary's new wave interpretation /spin on Mexican food?   

I did have the made at table guacamole which was perfect.As a native Californian, I can definitely say I've experience much, much better and not shelled out $100 for two people.  That being said, the guacamole was okay but bland, and the decor and service were good.

The food however, was really bad, poor, gross, you name it.  My friend is still not over his shock from the bill.  We should have gone to Towa.A place to experience Tequila; wide selection, extremely knowledgeable staff. Tacos were great; fresh ingredients and unique sauces.Came here a few months ago and wow! Beautiful space and food is absolutely delish. Hope I can come back again as it was such a fun experience. :)The guac is very good and the tequila menu is quite good too. We would definitely come back.I went here on a Saturday with a group of friends for their daily "halfy hour" from 3-5. The value during halfy hour is great! Our server was helpful and friendly. We had a great time trying out all the different margarita flavours and tacos. They have a wide selection of cocktails. My favourites are the guava and chili coconut. The tacos are pretty basic though. I wouldn't order them for regular price. Overall great spot for an afternoon date.Anejo is cool as hell! Like, I really feel like in dictionary under "cool" should be a picture of Anejo. 

The atmosphere is bomb! It's dark but you can still see you tablemates, there is family style and conventional seating and delicious food! This is THE place for dates or a place to chill. 

We sat family style and it wasn't bad. I thought we would be competing with the group for speaking space but that wasn't the case at all. I mean, if I wanted to eavesdrop I could but I didn't and we enjoyed our conversation and our food.

The guac was more than enough for the three of us. And they "smoosh" it at your table-- now that's fresh! Everything is spiced really well! Not too hot or bland. And there are several kinds of hot sauces to fit your palate's need.

I ordered fish tacos too but after the guac, I only had room for one but it was delicious too. But I think I had no room in my belly because I also had a cocktail or two :P  -- save room for that too!Wow, what a crazy cool, fun, fiesta of a spot! You know a place is great when you can't stop thinking about it, telling others about it and looking forward to being able to return. The room itself is chic and comforting all at the same time. It's very rare to find a place that has got soul, a funky vibe and adorned with wickedly fun throw pillows that make you want to curl up with your rhubarb margarita and stay awhile! 

The food is just fantastic! Everything I tried was so fresh, so flavourful and so surprising for a snow covered, Alberta resto. I guess anything is possible! I highly suggest going in for dinner or even just grabbing a drink at the bar. The tequila list is fantastic and the phenomenal servers and bar staff will get you in a sunny Mexican state of mind before you know it!

Viva Anejo!Excellent cocktails, great food and good atmosphere.  A bit pricey tho.Kaureena is by far the best server you guys employ, I've been here over 5 times and she has given us phenomenal service.. 

Guacamole is unbelievable and the tacos were unbelievable!

Overall, the best Mexican food in cowtown!

The place however is quite small and packed. A more spacious layout would give 5 starsI went to Anejo for "The Big Taste" a couple of weeks ago and had the chupacabra roll, the chile relleno, and the tres leches cake. Holy cow: what a knockout of a trio!

- Chupacabra roll: deep fried roll of ground beef, enough said.

- Chile relleno: it was really tasty but really heavy. I felt like I was harbouring a 10kg delicious brick of cheese in my stomach.

- Tres leches cake: a milky, pillowy delight. It was so freaking good!!!

I didn't have any of the tequilas but friends I went with did and really liked it. They had an anejo (spanish for 'aged', learned that bit of spanish from our server) tequila which looked fancy.Anejo... I waffled a bit on whether to give it a 3 or a 4. But alas, it's predecessor, Fuze, was a solid 3, and Anejo is a cut above it, so... 4 it is!

Love what they've done with the skylight area of this resto. Installed a full bar and high seating. Well done! Though it seems the entrance is now through the patio doors? That was a bit confusing.

It makes for a fun sharing appy kind of lunch. We tried the guacamole (mixed table side), ceviche tasting and I believe the molotes. All good, though not "OMG!! You have to get this!"

In my true cocktail loving fashion, I just had to have one. Strawberry rhubarb margarita anyone? Ok! The margaritas are appropriately over ice and not a big bowl full of slushy drink. And the taste was much more strawberry than it was rhubarb.

Overall, I'm happy with this locations new occupant!My first time at Anejo was at night on Thanksgiving Sunday, just for drinks. It was pretty empty when we arrived and the bartender told us he was planning on closing in half an hour. We stayed for a drink anyways, and just our luck more people started showing up. The bartender decided to stay open and we stuck around for a couple of hours. The drink menu is fantastic - as long as you like tequila :) My favourite was the prickly pear margarita. Even though it was a slow-ish night, the atmosphere was still really fun. The bar area is gorgeous! 

My second visit to Anejo was for my mom's birthday dinner. We arrived at 5:30 pm to be safe because there were 6 of us, the space is small, and they don't take reservations. It started getting really busy around 6:00 - 6:15 pm, so we made the right choice coming early! 

The appetizers didn't go over well at the table. The guacamole was bland, and too small of portion for $12! I like more heat and lime in my guac. The salsa was okay, but another small portion. It should really come free to every table, like bread at other restaurants...  The coconut shrimp was good, but only 5 pieces for $16!

The tacos and the chile relleno were the stars of the meal. We ordered 12 tacos to share between six of us and sampled each type of filling. The crispy red snapper was my favourite because it was breaded and fried. The three salsas that came with the tacos were yummy, each one was very different from the others. The chile relleno was amazing, spicy and cheesy, like a giant jalapeno popper! 

I shared the rib eye with my BF. The lime butter was actually a thick spread across the entire steak. I think it may have had cilantro mixed in too? The steak tasted good, but the meat was chewy and it was served cold. 

The service was bad. We had a combination of four different servers through out the meal. They forgot to enter the salsa and my mom's main into the computer. The salsa came pretty quickly after we reminded the server, but it took half an hour for my mom's main to come out after our other mains were delivered. Additional drinks never came, side tortillas were forgotten...  

I will definitely come back for margaritas, tacos and chile relleno, but I'm going to avoid the appetizers, and hope the service improves with time.A very yummy meal and a pretty atmosphere especially if you sit by the window. 

The tacos... YUM. Fresh guacamole made in front of you, also YUM, and a hot meaty cheesy messy appy was also very YUM. Coconut shrimp, yum YUM. And the "pitcher" of classis Margarita, a classic yum. 

The music/noise level was so high that we all had trouble hearing each other, and the waitress kept trying to clear our food before we had finished. We felt pressured to leave, but considering how much food and drinks we ordered, I can't imagine why?!To be honest, Anejo has gone down hill since our first experience there 3 years ago. The food is unbelievably overpriced for the cheap quality it is. You pay 14 dollars for average quacamole and stale nachos and we paid 17 dollars for 5, chewy medium sized coconut shrimp. I don't understand why this place is so popular, my girlfriend and I were extremely disappointed and will not be coming back. We decided to get the bill before our main course and headed to our favourite Mexican restaurant, Native Tongue for some truly authentic and affordable Mexican food.First time going to this place. I love Mexican and we wanted to check it out. It's got a cool vibe. Busy, loud, cool decorations. I had an original margarita, we shared guac and tacos. Good margarita, decent guac, average tacos. The wild boar tacos were the best! 

The service was a bit of a bust. We had a waitress who was training so it wasn't the greatest but she tried hard. She had another guy training her. We asked him about ice cream options but he never came back to tell us so we just got the bill and left. Go here from 3-5pm to save $$$ at happy hour.I've been to Anejo a few times, the most recent being on a very warm Tuesday evening with a 7:30 pm reservation. The place was absolutely packed, noisy as hell (I had to shout at my dinner companion across our little table), and the service was extremely slow. Granted, it was very busy, but this went beyond that. We waited extremely long times to be asked if we wanted another drink, and then for them to be refreshed. And it was about 25 minutes from when the bill was delivered for the waiter to return with the debit machine. In which time the manager (we think) checked on us twice and prompted the waiter to tend to us so we could pay. 

Good: The margarita menu is awesome, and the coconut chili ones are my fave.
Bad: they are poured short with glasses so full of ice that they are gone instantly. I suppose I should ask for no ice next time. Maybe it wouldn't feel so bad if it weren't 40 minutes between drinks due to inattention.

Good: The tableside guacamole is fresh and beautifully flavoured, served in a lava bowl with a generous bowl of chips. Plus, the guy that made it was quite delicious.

Bad: We both ordered the chili rellenos and they were only lukewarm and disappointingly bland. The stuffed peppers and the sauce, both. Neither of us finished them. 

Good: The food I have had in the past includes the fresh tacos -- I have tried veg, pork and chicken and they were very good. From what I can gather some menu items are good, and others are consistently meh. I would really try working on reworking those MEH things people mention in their reviews.

The decor and location of this place is nice, but when busy the high ceilings and music create a din that is nearly impossible to speak over. 

I might go back for guac, chips and a margarita, maybe on the patio where perhaps one needn't shout to converse. But I felt the service was very lacking, so I'll probably leave it for awhile.We took advantage of a rare sunny weekend this summer and sat on the patio. This restaurant features a menu with more appetizers, shareable and small dishes than main courses. Given the slick yet relaxed festive atmosphere of this place, the focus on less formal dining makes sense here. The significant twists on traditional recipes mean this is neither a cheezy Tex-Mex fiesta house, nor a traditional Mexican restaurant.  And it works.

We ordered 4 non-main dishes, and I must say they were all really good.  This merits 4 stars right off the bat. Freshness and craftsmanship are at the forefront, evident in the fine preparation and artful presentation of the ceviche sampler, and of the tuna "tartare". The use of capers in one of the ceviches was a pleasant surprise that worked well, as was the tequila compressed watermelon in the tartare, which comfortably straddled the line between savoury and sweet.  None of the three ceviches (containing 4 types of seafood) was overly acid, sweet or salty, and the extremely fine dice of peppers/herbs/flavourings made every bite consistent.

The third dish was a pozole (pork and full kernel corn grit soup).  This preparation was quite non-traditional, including mushrooms, chorizo sausage and cheese, but definitely worked as a whole.  My only complaint would be that many people would probably like to add some heat or acid to this soup.  A simple improvement would be to provide a small side of lime wedge and a cute tiny bowl of chilli sauce. 

The final dish was a Mexican "fondue", which is served in a hot mortar made of lava rock (the traditional "molcajete").  Here some showmanship is on display, as the bubbly cheese is mixed with the mushrooms, sausage, etc. tableside, then served with warm tortillas.  Simply delicious, though it might have been nice to have the option of cilantro (this herb was noticeably absent from all dishes, which would probably add an extra star for some people, but not me).

Maybe the mains may be good too, but they are quite pricey...the dishes we had provided a nice variety, and I think were reasonably value for money.  If you can arrive before 5pm, you can get your happy hour margaritas for $5, which also eases the pain. The refreshing margaritas do stand out as a beverage choice, as they have a large variety of flavours, made with real ingredients.  For tequila aficionados, there are more available here than you can shake an oversized molonillo at.

While our service was in general quite good, one area for improvement would be consolidating or at least guiding people through the many menus.  We missed the separate taco menu completely (which is also not on the Web site), as it was lost in the shuffle of the tequila and drink menus, "What's fresh" menu, and regular menu.  Be sure to find them all!  I guess I'll have to come back...I was holding off on writing a review until I tried out their tequila flight, but, hey! That's what review updates are for :).

Things I love: The prices are super reasonable. For the same price you would pay for a 3 taco combo at Mucho Burrito, you can get a 3 taco combo with three different salsas at Añejo. And the veggie taco isn't just a regular meat taco with the meat removed, leaving nothing but sad, wilted shredded iceberg and diced tomatoes. At Añejo, they put strips of fried tofu! Love it. Also loving the corn tortillas, because to me; flour tortillas for a taco are a soggy disaster. The different salsas are flavorful, if not all that spicy, despite the warnings from the waitress. Also liked the virgin margarita (aka: Mango Juice) I ordered here. Makes me anxious to try the real kind!

The waitress was cheerful and the wait time was reasonable, despite the fact that it was pretty busy for a cold Wednesday night. Love all the kitschy decor, reminds me of my Nanay's (RIP) house and all the Sto. Nino's and Virgin Mary candles. She'd probably be mad at all the rosary beads strewn about, though. 

Things that were meh: While I liked the fried tofu and appreciated that it was there at all, the tofu itself had no flavor. I know, tofu has no flavor. But, that's the beauty of it. You can make it taste like whatever you want. It would have been a total homerun if the tofu had maybe been tossed in some, I don't know, ancho salt or any salt, period. Also, while I loved the show of the guacamole being made tableside, I found it to be kind of salty and it needed more lime. However, this is easily remedied, and could be something that varies from prep to prep since it is made on the spot.

Can't wait to come back. I wish I could rate them 3.5 stars, since that's what it felt like, but I imagine that my next sloshy visit will be a 5.Anejo delivers 2 of the greatest treats in Calgary 1. Table side guacamole that is awesome. 2. Killer coconut and spice margarita. I could eat this every day, but that would be a wee bit addictive.My boyfriend and I were strolling down 4th and decided to pop into Vin Room for a glass of champagne and oysters. Unfortunately, there was quite a long wait as we didn't have reservations, so my boyfriend suggested Añejo. I've actually been wanting to check this place out for a while now, so we gave it a shot. It was really busy when we arrived (around 7) but the adorable hostess told us we were the first people up as soon as a tabled opened, and took us over to the bar where we could order a drink and wait. 

Unfortunately, she lied. There were two other groups of people already waiting there but we weren't in a rush so we just went with it. The bar area is gorgeous. There are a ton of windows and it gives it a big, open, and inviting feel. We were led to a long table sans chairs, which kind of sucked as we stood waiting for about 45 minutes. The bartender was excellent and very knowledgeable about the drinks and different types of beer they offered. We enjoyed taking in the atmosphere and sipping our drinks while we waited for our table.

Once we were seated I noticed how LOUD it was! We were at a small table smack dab in the middle of the dining room, and I almost had to yell at my boyfriend to have a normal conversation. We were hungry though, and the menu looked interesting. I wanted to try a margarita, so I ordered the Paloma, which is basically tequila and grapefruit soda. My boyfriend went against his better judgement and ordered the mango margarita (he hates tequila) so I ended up drinking both. The mango one was amazing!! Really tasty and not too heavy on the tequila, I only wish it was in a bigger glass. The Paloma on the other hand....yeesh. I could barely drink it down - it was like pure tequila. When the waitress came back, she said that was the only margarita on the menu that tastes very strongly of tequila, I wish she would have warned me when I ordered it. She was also really pushing my bf to order a speciality tequila, which happened to cost $19/oz. That was a little annoying.

We decided on the oysters (of course), the ginger coconut shrimp, and the ahi tuna. The oysters were good, definitely not the best I've ever had, but tasty nonetheless. The shrimp was to die for, we really enjoyed this dish, it would be nice if the shrimp were a bit bigger though seeing as you only get about 5 for around $16. The ahi tuna was different, definitely not what we were expecting...it was good and we ate it all but I doubt I would order it here again. The two tortillas on top weren't enough to scoop up the ahi tuna, and although the menu stated it had watermelon in it, we couldn't detect it at all until the end...when we found the SMALLEST piece of watermelon at the bottom. Seeing (and smelling) all of the tacos whizzing by, we really wished we had ordered those! Next time I'll be sure to order them as well as the guacamole (which looked delicious).

I really enjoyed the atmosphere and decor here (the wall of rosaries, candles, and sugar skulls are gorgeous!), and the service was decent, minus the initial wait. I had a hard time deciding between 3 and 4 stars, if they added some chairs to the bar waiting area, it would be great! Unfortunately we were told we could not sit at the bar while waiting, it was one or the other. The noise level is also a bit much for me, but that's a personal preference. I'd love to give Añejo another try, perhaps over the lunch hour, when its a bit more low key.As far as happy hour deals go, this place is right up there. Between the magical time of 3pm - 5pm there's a bunch of tasty and cheap tacos and margaritas to be drunk.

What's the deal? All of their 1 oz (1.5 oz?) margaritas are $5 (normally $8 - $9ish), bottles of beer are $5 (normally $7 - $9), tacos are half price for $2.50 (normally $5) and tequila is half price (usually $10ish and up). And if you want to double your margarita it's $10. I asked.

The margaritas are delicious. My favourites were the Mezcalarita (smokey) and the Classic (yep, no need to mess with this one by adding any other flavours). The Chilli Coconut was pretty tasty too, although actually quite spicy!

The tacos are pretty good, I recommend getting them with the more authentic corn tortillas. The server recommended the wild boar, and this was a good choice! Definitely a good deal at $2.50 each.

I came here on a Friday afternoon just before 4:30pm and the place was PACKED. And loud. We couldn't have much of a conversation but a fun atmosphere. I managed to get a table for two that was free til 6pm just by turning up, but I'd highly recommend booking ahead of time on their website (http://anejo.ca/home/#reserve). 

They were also totally slammed. It took a while for someone to come over initially and then to flag them down later on. The drinks also took a while to make for each round, so be sure to order your next one each time your drink arrives to save you looking sadly at your empty glass.The food was good (the guacamole was divine), but the seat was so uncomfortable I had a hard time enjoying my meal.Awesome place, great tacos, great guacamole and fantastic margaritas. The pork tacos are my favourite with a chilli coconut margarita. They server will make your guacamole right it front of you, and it tastes fantastic too! 
However, lousy service the last few times I've been. The water is Luke warm, and last time we waited nearly 20 minutes after asking for the bill. And then got a dirty look when only tipped 12% . The service hasn't always been bad though, only once or twice.Service is great, drinks are great, food is good, décor is decent. It's pretty expensive. I'd go again! The table-made guac is awesome!Super hip vibe. 

The side guacamole could've used a bit more lime and salt to add flavor. Unfortunately, there weren't any salt or pepper shakers on the table. 

The seafood platter was pretty good. The salmon poke could've used a bit more seasoning. My boyfriend and I used the leftover vinegar meant for the oysters on the poke - made a world of a difference in flavor! 

The molcajete de carne was a lot of meat! I would recommend sharing this dish with other people. The flavor of the meat was tasty and well cooked. The side corn tortillas were served in a mitt to keep them warm.The food is delicious and the service is awesome. Been here twice this week already! The guacamole they make for you right at the table so it's incredibly fresh. Must have the ginger margarita!Great restaurant, but not Mexican by any means. The food here is really good and the service is fantastic and the bar is exceptional however this is far from a Mexican restaurant. I'll admit that I live in LA so I'm used to real authentic Mexican cuisine and there is nothing authentic about this menu. The food however is really good. I had the corn chowder and the caesar salad as well as the chips and salsa along with some tacos. All fabulous but calling themselves a Mexican restaurant is a bit silly. Taco Bell is more Mexican than this spot. Sorry guys, it's the truth. Great service and a very vibrant atmosphere and fun spot to go eat and drink. They have a great happy hour with descent prices. I cannot emphasize enough that this is not a Mexican restaurant.Atmosphere is good. Bartenders friendly. Good margaritas, favourite was the Coconut chili margarita was very goodThis was a belated birthday dinner for me and enjoyed it immensely.  We sat on the main floor which was a not too busy when we arrived but was quickly filling up.  The hostess let us know that a large group would be taking over the entire area (3 hours to go) and if we were still there when they arrived they would find us space over by the bar.  I've been known to linger but 3 hours seemed unlikley.  This did explain why we could only get a 515 reservation though.  Our server was fantastic.  Explained the specials, made some recommendations and mixed up a mean table side guacamole.  What stood out for me with the guac was the cilantro.  I've never had cilantro in guac and it lent a nice fresh bite to a dish I thought I knew.   D . had the bison tacos and I had the crispy snapper tacos.  We did a little mix and match and both were awesome.  The snapper was well cooked but moist and the tempura batter nice and light.  The slaw and dressing had a great tang that really complimented the fish.  The bison taco was kind of like a shredded beef taco but different....well of course its bison.  It was lean, the sauce was flavorful and the purple slaw and corn gave everything a nice a crunch.  The only drawback to our evening was the table.  We were seated a tall table for two on the main aisle whic is also narrow with 4 banquet tables right beside it.  The closeness to the  banquet  tables was painfully obvious when two women arrived to join two already at the table.  Everyone stood up to hug and greet each other all right in front of our table.  It interruped our conversation and was as if they were joining us.  I appreciate you may have close quarters and have sat at my fair share of tiny tables that you have to pull out to be seated at but this was just too close and thought I was next for the "air kiss".  I never like tall tables because I am short and my legs are often not long enough for my feet to rest on the rail of the chair.  This means my feet dangle and I end up feeling like a little kid and the big kids table.  It also means my feet end up going numb.  I would definitely go back as the food and service were great.  I would just ask for a low table next time.It's good for happy hour margaritas -full priced margaritas would be too expensive. I was here when they started (~3 years ago) and today. The crowd has changed significantly! I guess very young and hipster-like servers don't help keep a more sophisticated customer base.  Come here for a casual dinner, but nothing elseThis rating/post is for an event I attended. Service was phenomenal and we were treated to five star service. Drinks were well-made and delicious. Everyone that attended raved about the appetizers, drinks and service. I would absolutely recommend renting out this venue for an event. Thanks to Time Luxury Services for getting me home safe.Loved it, Service was great and the selection was unbelievable. 
This is a place that you will not shoot tequila and with salt and a lime.. what you get here is quality and and you sip it... we were also told the story of how quality tequila was made.
Watching the fresh made guacamole made in front of you was nice. and the taste and quality was soo goodI've been here a couple of times now and haven't been disappointed yet! The first time was a quiet patio experience with my boyfriend. We had the tacos on special as well as their famous guacamole and chips with some tasty margueritas. Great food, great location and great service!
My second visit was with a larger group on a Saturday night. It was really busy, but still a really fun atmosphere! I had a hiccup with the service when our server took my drink before I was finished. When I brought it up, she seemed hesitant but quickly redeemed herself with the offering of a free second round. 
Overall, I love the food and their marguerita list is even better! Love this place!This was my first visit to Anejo and they did not disappoint! I've been following them on Instagram for quite some time and have been dying to try it out. I live in the deep south so it's not close or convenient but it was definitely worth the trip. Our waiter was excellent and expertly guided us through the margarita menu and suggested some great food options for first timers like us. The food was excellent and there was lots of it! Highly recommend sharing the guacamole dish to start. My wife loved the mango margarita. We loved it and will be back. Two things to note: One, it's a very lively and loud place, don't go there for quiet conversation or for a romantic dinner. Second, parking in this area is difficult at best so go early or be prepared to walk as you may have to park a few blocks away. Still worth it though!Service was great. Food was awesome. Table was a little small and was quite busy. Glad I made a reservationI like this place, I have been a few times, most recently for the Big Taste.  The menu was good value, though i had no idea the fish I was ordering was going to be in a taco!  Luckily I like tacos, so that was fine.  The margaritas are really really good.  And really expensive if you are going to be having a few.Anejo is an authentic Mexican restaurant.  It is not Tex Mex which means you're not getting enchiladas with rice and beans. That can be a bit of a surprise. That being said, the food is very good and the Mexican/Spanish beer list is very unusual and also very good.  I recommend this restaurant.Really good server. The food is not made to order. Lots of keeping warm or preheating. You can tell because chicken takes more than ten minutes to cook. Came out too fast. Tortillas are microwaved. Bad texture to them. The bar stools can not be sat on unless you are six feet tall. Food was okay overall outside of that but overpriced for microwaved and not made to order. It's hard to screw up Mexican. Not sure what happened. The guacamole was delicious. Won't come back.How does one prepare for an upcoming trip to Mexico? Head to Anejo of course!

Figuring I'm prep my liver and tastebuds, I got mango margarita and grilled prawn tacos (tacos de camaron). My GF got the cilantro & cucumber margarita and chicken tacos.
Knowing we were gonna get dessert (a trio of churros, toffee pudding and flan), we didn't get appies or sides. However, I've heard the tableside prepped guac is an experience on it's own, so I'll have to go back I guess!

Although it was torture to see things like coconut shrimp, ceviche and tuna poke pass by while we waited for food, kept our eye on the (dessert) prize and waited for our food. And it was well worth it! Not really sure how to eat my tacos with my hands (they were presented almost like an open faced sandwich and messy), I decided to be civilized and used my utensils.

They bring you an array of hot sauces, and I'm warning you that if you don't taste the sauces before you apply liberally, you will end up guzzling your margarita like I did!

When dessert finally came, I was super excited to dig into the churros. Deep fried donut sticks coated in sugar and cinnamon? I'm all over it!

I love the atmosphere here, and Anejo did a great job easing me into my Mexican vacation. I'll be sure to come back for that aforementioned guac and try all the other tequila based cocktails they have to offer.This was a fun restaurant and we had really good service. The food was just ok though would visit again as it has a good vibe.Been here a few times for some afternoon eats and drinks. Today was probably my most disappointing experience. Sat by the bar under the leaking windows. My party should have worn rain jackets. 

The pros: drinks are decent and are in line with pricing for other cocktail bars in the area.

The cons: if you get a chance to be around when the owner is behind the bar, you get to hear him yell C**T and F**K and drink beer with his buddies. We are talking 345 in the afternoon. If it wasn't the owner, then I guess it's cool to have your bartenders stand behind the bar drinking again.

I can Support douchebag somewhere else. I won't be back.The staff was incredibly helpful accommodating my large birthday party. The guacamole was the best that I have had to date in Calgary, period. Next time we come it'll be for a flight of tequila and a FANTASTIC margarita.Añejo's happy hour is the best around (but tragically only 3-5pm). $2.50 tacos? Yes please! And they aren't sad little happy hour tacos ... They're huge and have a bunch of hot sauces to pair up! Make sure you ask for the complimentary pico de gallo to throw on top!

The guacamole is as good as it gets. They make it right at your table (the awkwardness is worth it). 

If you like spicy, try the chilli coconut margarita. It's my favourite drink I've ever had.This is not a review solely through my eyes. This is a shared review between me and my Father. 

My family is a little more "down-home" than "downtown" we were once surprised with a dinner out to the Costco food court for dollar hot dogs. 

So I decided to take the family out to their first REAL downtown dining experience at AÑEJO. This was a pretty safe bet because we've been to Mexico a few times and everything in this restaurant was pretty authentic it just made us feel as if we were back in sunny Cancun. 

On a side note: I WANT to live in AÑEJO throughout the entire meal I was planning on how I would turn this restaurant into a home, the main dining room would make a great breakfast/day nook.  I would keep all the decor I love it all, all the skulls all the religious paraphernalia all of it! It is so cool and the place is so bright and full of sunshine. 

Mother and I got the Coconut and Chili Margaritas. ERMERGERD!!! So good! It was such a cool blend of spicy and sweet. And not to mention it was STRONG.

So since my brother and I were paying we went big pimping and order appies. We got the nachos with the salsa ground right at the table. 

As we ate our nachos, drank our marg's and waited for our meal all my Father could say was:

"WOW, you know if I was single and happening this would be the place I would go. Look at all the people! This is the kind of place cool and happening dudes would go on a Friday."  

Along with:

"Look at those bartenders, look at them making those drinks!!! so talented!! Look at that food. I can't wait to eat." 

Our food arrived. As a table we had two of the Chicken and Rice Tamales, the chicken tacos, and an order of the Mac and Cheese. 

Like mentioned before we have been to Mexico a few times and all the food we had here tasted just like the food from Cancun except you didn't have to worry about drinking the water. 

We decided to go all out and get dessert. Along with appetizers, desserts are a rare thing on account of us being a little cheap. So we went and got dessert. We got an order of the Lime and Avocado pie, and some sort of Mexican cake. I think that was the quietest we have ever been as a family. Everybody was so busy trying to get as much dessert as they could.

So to sum it all up it was a great meal, awesomely strong drinks, devilishly good desserts and beautiful decor. The only downside was the lack of parking. The road rage in Daddy-O came out a little but once in the restaurant we were all okay.Update. 

So I went in sober last week and ordered the stuffed pepper (vegetarian), chips and salsa to share, and the amazing Strawberry Rhubarb margs.

Pepper was DOPE and perfectly sized. 

Chips - ugh. We were served the crumbly bits out of the bottom of a bag - you couldn't pick them up. 

Salsa - made at the table but wasnt hot at all (we were cautioned twice) and didn't have much flavour. 

Margs - good, I had 2, but not Orgasming over them as I did last time. THOUGH, this could be because there was a different bar tender and it was a little slammed.Great restaurant, but not Mexican by any means. The food here is really good and the service is fantastic and the bar is exceptional however this is far from a Mexican restaurant. I'll admit that I live in LA so I'm used to real authentic Mexican cuisine and there is nothing authentic about this menu. The food however is really good. I had the corn chowder and the caesar salad as well as the chips and salsa along with some tacos. All fabulous but calling themselves a Mexican restaurant is a bit silly. Taco Bell is more Mexican than this spot. Sorry guys, it's the truth. Great service and a very vibrant atmosphere and fun spot to go eat and drink. They have a great happy hour with descent prices. I cannot emphasize enough that this is not a Mexican restaurant.

@Kate M. My perspective is clear. Mexican food is made by Mexicans. (Simple) and as far as a "Cat In The Hat goes...well that's a fairytale! Your restaurant is NOT authentic Mexican food.The ambiance, the stiff drinks, the decor, and the super fancy table side guacamole is outstanding. Now the bad news is that the tacos are subpar. It's extra disappointing when everything else is A+. Calgary needs a super dope tacos place in the style of Icehouse (Montreal) or Grand Electric (Toronto). Anejo has that potential, we just need better tacos please!We had Pozole, tacos, coconut shrimp and guac - cannot get better for that! Need Menudo on the menu.This place is even better than Tacofina in Gastown, Vancouver.  Sooo frickin' good.  Suddenly I love Mexican food. We shared some fresh guacamole made at our table, then I had a 3 taco combo - chicken, pork, and snapper. It was delicious!  This restaurant had a great interior with dark colours, Mexican artwork, and lots of natural lighting.  Next trip back to Calgary and I'm having lunch here again.The main attraction of this place is the atmosphere. A++ for the decorations, layout and music. Very well done. 

Our server was great. He timed everything well and even had a great recommendation of dessert tequila for us. Super friendly guy, very happy with him.

The food was okay. I was expecting amazing, from what I heard, and for what they charge, I was expecting higher quality. My boyfriend's lamb was dry and my bison tacos were so-so. The ceviche we got to start (for $20) felt pre-packaged. The sangria was fine... not amazing, not terrible. I've had both better and worse (but usually for less). The churros we got for dessert were cooked for too short a time at too high a temperature, giving us a dessert with a charred outside and raw inside. I honestly expected better for such a simple, traditional Mexican dish at this exclusively Mexican restaurant. 

The hostesses, on the other hand, were awful, and gave us a horrible impression of this place both on the way in, and the way out. It was our anniversary, and a very special night for us as we had heard amazing things about this restaurant and hadn't been yet. We contacted Anejo beforehand to let them know this. They said they'd put us in a nice corner table. When we got there, we got the nice corner table, but the hostess actually said to us, "Ok, so, the next reservation at this table is at 7, so you have an hour and a half." Excuse me? We stayed until close to 8. On our way out, the other hostess loudly said, "Was that the table we needed to get rid of?" Well, yes, you certainly got rid of two customers ever coming back, that's for sure. 

Overall, there are a lot of other places I'd rather go to in Calgary t o spend this kind of coin on a meal. If they lowered their prices slightly, to match the quality of service and food, or started offering better service and food at the current prices, I'd go back.You will enjoy your visit at Anejo as long as you don't order food. The place is really nice, ambience is great, décor is awesome and the margaritas are delicious. The food however, is terrible!! I hope people don't see this as a "Mexican" restaurant because it's not. 
Had my office Christmas dinner there and they served a lot of bad dishes.
Meat is tasteless, they have some kind of "risotto" that was mushy, a polenta that looked like a scotch brite. Desserts were decent, that's it.
My husband and I have been there a few times and what we do is we sit at the bar, order drinks and salsa and then leave.
Go there for drinks before dinner, then go somewhere else for good food!Fun Night with my girls!! Fresh made at the table guacamole- delish, cheese on fire- da bomb, shrimp, pork and beef tacos-to die for... Thx Anejo!!I went to Anejo with my date; being Mexican maybe our expectations were not too high (and we were right). 
As a starter the server gave us a bottle of water and said "don't worry, the water does not come from Mexico". What is this supposed to mean? We were not happy about it and told him that we do have purified water in Mexico. He apologized and said that is part of what all the servers need to tell clients. Note to the owner: this is not funny.

The tequila menu is very decent, but we didn't see people sipping tequila. Maybe they should offer a sampler or talk a bit about the selection. 
My date had a ginger margarita and it was good, a bit small though.

As for the food, we ordered two ceviches which were good, nothing to complain about; however, the server suggested not to order the tuna ceviche because most people don't like it.

The big disappointment was the "huaraches". The original Mexican dish is made with corn (sort of a tortilla) and what they have is a mole pizza. The "mole" was a bit too sweet, and it had nothing to do with the real thing.

Atmosphere is good, the place looks nice but the food is lacking.
We might go back to try something different. Hopefully the "water joke" will be gone by thenI really enjoy coming here, it has a great vibe, amazing margaridas, and delicious simple food. I've never had a bad time at anejo, just sometimes it is hard to get in since it's too busy!Det här stället har riktigt bra atmosfär. Det känns genuint och inte påtvingat. 

Maten är riktigt bra och man får mycket för pengarna, var tvungen att ta hem resterande mat för portionerna var så stora. 

Hela upplevelsen är ett måste om man är sugen på mexikanskt i Calgary.Seriously, I don't know what the fuss is. Service is absolute garbage. I wold never go back there. Note to manager: you are part of the service sector! The customers bring in your revenue. If you are going to treat them like the way you continue to do, it ain't good news for ya. Most of the people who went there had similar complaints. The wait is ridiculous. Guys, join the 21st century band wagon and take reservations!!! Moreover, just because there was ONE other extra person on the table (and there was enough room for this person to sit ) the host - if you want to call her that - asked the person to leave!! so a Couple of us had to leave. And get this, they had already started to serve us!!! Terrible!!! 
If you want to wait for eternity for a less-than-mediocre experience......be their guest.I hear Anejo is one of the newcomers to Calgary in an explosion of solid restos in town the past few years. I was passing through for work and a good friend suggested we catch up over dinner here. The place has great ambience - the bar especially - the bottles of spirits are lit from behind, if I remember correctly? We had the table-side mixed guac (made with three different salts), coconut chili margaritas, fish, chicken and pulled bison (Calgary twist!) tacos and finished with chorizo (think donut not sausage) dipped in the richest warm spiced chocolate sauce you can imagine. (I'm giving this place 5 stars for that chocolate sauce alone!) As our server pointed out, they serve Mexican, not Tex Mex (ie, no cheese or sour cream or hard shells, etc). All of this for under 80 bucks for 2! Thanks Anejo, you've done well.Oh and let me add to this. A few months ago, my friend and I went here again (yes, I believe in giving places second chances). I must say, the food taste was pretty incredible. I just inhaled guacamole! Deelish! 
BUT, when my friend and I both went back home, we both threw up and spent the night in the bathroom. May be it is just me, but my experiences here were just plain awful.Whats a fun place!  Great food and great Tequila!  Always busy and friendly service!The most legit Mexican food in Calgary.  The drinks are great. Staff is super friendly with a crazy youthful atmosphere.Service is incredible. The patio is perfect. They are great at making really delicious margarita's! I tried the Mango (the best) the white peach (pretty good) the classic (always good). If you ask nicely they can make the mango one a little spicy, which compliments well. 

The Guac they serve at the table is delicious and the tacos are unreal. 

I really enjoy the atmosphere and location of this restaurant. If you go during happy hour it makes it even more worth it. Who doesn't love cheap marg and tacos!The brazed pork and beef tacos are excellent.  Only complaint would be for pickled jalipinos instead of raw with seeds still there, and of course for the meat to be piping hot.  Makes for a very visceral flavour.  They are at the stampede right now inside the superdogs stadium.Went to Anejo the other night for dinner and drinks. Had a pleasurable experience with friendly staff and we were started off with an excellent guacamole mixed right at the table. Drinks are also very good; the ginger margarita is a must try. Thanks for an excellent evening Anejo!

- Steve P.Went there for dinner last night. The guac made at the table and tortilla soup were excellent. The tacos, on the other hand, were a huge disappointment, all 4 of us ordered them and no one was impressed with them. Would go back for appys, but that's itYou will not go wrong with the amazing cocktails, ceviche and tacos they serve. Oh and the atmosphere is fantastic as well!Probably the most Bland Mexican food I've ever tasted. The Ceviche which should be full of flavour had none! And my main dish was even worse... I had the molcajete with meat and it just tasted watery... No flavour or spice at all...

Decor... Bad Mexican tourist art...

Service was great though and it appeared that they had a good selection of tequila so  I guess it's a good place to drink.Finally got to check this place out for a late Saturday lunch. I love the set up in side, it's bright and very contemporary. 

Thankfully they do corn tortillas so I was able to eat some chicken tacos, which were delish! My friends sampled a few things, and the vote was the tequila mac & cheese was superb. 

My only compliant would be the tiny margarita you get for $8. I'm used to a margarita in that type of glass, not a little hi-ball glass. Don' get me wrong it was a good margarita, I had the strawberry rhubarb, but it was pretty pricey for the small amount you get. 

I would love to do a tequila sampling and try some more food.We absolutely loved the Cherry Margarita, Chips and Pico, and freshly made guacomole at our table.  The service was incredible and the food portions were appropriate for the price.  Very authentic Mexican Food. It was fun for the whole family.My first time there. We went during happy hour on a weekday. We had a reservation but he place wasn't too busy anyway. 

For starters we ordered guacamole which was made table-side, nice touch. It was great, and I am not sure but I suspect that the tortilla chips might have been made in-house. If they weren't, then they're darn good forgeries. They were very crispy and didn't taste like they came out of a cellophane bag. 

I also ordered a margarita special which was a Paloma and for whatever reason I got served a double, but they only charged me $6, so lucky me. Beginners luck, eh. 

For mains, we ordered an assorted plate of 6 tacos (2 each of pork, chicken, and chorizo), and a special dish of 3 pork belly tacos with pineapple salsa. They brought out condiments of a spicy mayo and a green sauce that I don't remember the name of. They made a point to mention that the green sauce was made somewhere in Quebec and not in-house. 

There wasn't much difference in the pork and chicken tacos as the veggies were all the same, as well as the seasonings. The meats are shredded in both cases, and well seasoned, but next time I would order a fish taco or something instead of having both chicken and pork, being so similar. The chorizo was spicy and nice, but was very messy and was a bit difficult to eat without getting crumbled meat all over. Maybe I'm not good at eating tacos, I dunno.

The pork belly and pineapple ones were the best, for me. The pork belly was crispy and went excellent with the pineapple. I'll be having those again for sure. 

And because it was happy hour, all our tacos and margaritas were half price, so we got the chips and guac, two plates of tacos, and three margaritas for just under $65 including tax and tip. Way cheap for the amount and quality of food that we had. I'm definitely a brand new fan and will be returning.I love this place. Friendly staff, amazing food and margarita's. Also a great location to sit on the patio and people watch... highly recommended for great Mexican food!A loud, busy place that feels high-energy when you walk in. We had the tableside guac and while it was delicious, it was super salty. We ordered another for the table and it was better. The service was OK, but not stellar. The margaritas are a bit on the small side and they'll definitely try to upsell you on more drinks. It was OK, but I'm not sure we'll go back again soon, as it was so loud our party of 4 could hardly hear each other at the table.Must stop for tacos!!! This place is so fun.  The staff are welcoming and funny and the ambiance is trendy yet inviting.  The food is simply delicious and the marsgritas are Devine especially the mango or the coconut!More for the bar and evening snack crowd than a dining venue, Anejo is passable...
Hardly great food, but the service is friendly. 
Not ever want to return as just nothing special sets it apart from the rest of the bar scene.-Overpriced-

Pros - neat decore, metric fuck-tonne of tequila. (Worth a visit on the tequila selection alone. Just not for food.) Awesome salsa, passable guacamole.

Cons - Service, food quality, no spice, poor service, expensive, not particularly flavourful, expensive ingredients utilized poorly, not really Mexican cuisine, drinks are three-quarters ice (and at $8.50  a pop, that's not super great) 


Once again, I'll say go for the tequila, stay away from the food.

Bang for the buck, I'd go to Los Chillitos or if you're just after food, go to Mucho Burrito, Much more flavourful.Highly enjoyed the fresh made quacamole with tortilla chips. The variety of margaritas were awesome! I enjoyed the strawberry rhubarb and guava. Can't beat the happy hour tacos and drinks specials. All of the tacos are amazing, especially the crispy basa.Nice busy restaurant but probably should be called a bar.  Bartender was great but food wasn't anything special. I asked about the enchilada at $24! But didn't want potatoes and was told the enchiladas were already made and they couldn't remove the potatoes. We ended up choosing a variety of tacos and they came cold! Tortillas felt like they had just come out of the fridge and the fish nicely crusted was cold.  Bartender quickly returned them to the kitchen but they came back hot on the outside cold on the inside. Microwave perhaps? Anyway, next time I'll just stick with the guacamole and drinks.Only thing worth while here is the table side guac and the margaritas. Other than that I'd throw this place away if I could. 

The service isn't the best and the tacos made me upset, as someone who has had real Mexican tacos I was offended and hurt. It should just focus on making guac, margaritas and desert.

I did go back a second time but to try the desert which made me feel better about going back there. The bathroom was gross and hopefully they will get a cleaning chart up so the staff can make sure it's always clean. I think seeing the gross restroom was what added to my anger.


The dessert is still from ur establishment Kate, still doesn't change the fact the food and service aren't on the same level as other resturant in Calgary especially since I had gone back a few months ago to give it another go. So until the service gets better, and the food isn't thrown together carelessly I stand by my review. :) 
Best,
SBThe food was a disappointment. There was not enough salt. The guacamole was so plain. Maybe it is just me...Great margaritas, I had the classic and my husband had the guava. Food was medium, I had chicken tacos and my husband had the fish tacos. Guac was good. Service was TERRIBLE. Took 20 minutes to get our first drink (even water) and the guac even longer. Main courses took forever and second round of drinks came 5 minutes before we were ready to leave. Server was not nice, never apologized and just said they were "slammed." It was not pleasant. Food did not make up for this and we were generally disappointed.The Queso Fundido, Salsa, Guacamole & Tacos are AMAZING! 

Try the child coconut margarita as well!

Best atmosphere and ambiance, love the food and the staff is super fun and helpful.

In the Summer try to get on the patio and also has the best Tequila selection in Calgary!!!An anejo  "must try" is their chili coconut margaritas!!! Get them during happy hour for 1/2 price! So worth it!!!!These guys have a Five star Tequila menu! I have ever seen such a selection in Alberta or BC. I ordered Two types off the flight menu and thought I would be getting 1.5 ounce of each to try but what came out was 3 0.5oz sample of each in the blanco respado and anejo varieties. What an incredible way to experience the aging of certain brands of tequila. The place is busy, good atmosphere. Our service was excellent. The handmade guac and salsa at the table was great. The taco were quite good although not as flavorful as I hoped. Great night out, a bit on the pricey side but worth it once in a while.HAPPY HOUR  !!! TEQUILA !!! YES PLEASE ! The best Mexican food in Calgary. Best music, atmosphere and service. I am blown away every single time I visit. The wild boar tacos !!! My favorite thing on the menu. 
I love the street patio, it's perfect for people watching.

LOVE ITThe dishes are well balanced and the waitress was very passionate and knowledgeable about the food! I enjoyed everything I had (Brussel sprouts, Ox tail tortellini, and Wagu beef). If the dishes were slightly larger I would give 5 stars for the price.Poor service! Literally waited 30min at our table and no waiter even came by. We ended up leaving. 
Unlikely to return.

Hi Kate, we came on the evening of Wednesday March 29.Great vibe, awesome staff, delicious selection of margaritas. The portions are small so I would not pay full price, but you can't beat their happy hour! Best guacamole I've had in a long time - perhaps because they make it fresh at your table.Favourite taco place. Good spot to have something to eat and pregame with the bomb margaritas. Don't miss out on the guacamole either!I went for lunch with my husband and baby. It was definitely hard to change the diaper in that washroom. We ordered the coconut shrimp sandwich and 6 tacos. It seemed a bit pricey for what we got. The side for the shrimp sandwich was a few pieces of spinach covered with an unknown dressing with no fixings. The coconut shrimp were crispy and pretty yummy. I enjoyed the tacos too but was disappointed that the shell on them were wheat tortillas and seemed store bought or old El Paso style. For $26 for 6 tacos I think it was overpriced. I think I'll have my next fiesta at home.Tacos, tacos, tacos....get the tacos.  And I must say the portion size of the taco is HUGE.  Normally at these 'upscale' Mexican places you sacrifice some content for quality when it comes to tacos, not here.  This place is now in my Mexican Calgary rotation with Native Tounges."Best Tacos in Town" claimed Seano in the Watsapp Group Chat. Here we go again, I thought as he rambled on about his Anejo dining experience. Six months later and I had forgotten about that conversation when Brittany suggested we hit it up one Saturday night. "Sounds good" I replied, "I haven't heard of that place before so we should try it out". 

We booked a table for 9:30pm so we could catch the excellent happy hour. We both smashed down 3 tacos and a couple of margaritas and were amazed when the cheque came, "Weee should et anutharrr drinkkkk" slurred Brittany when we realised how cheap they were.

We came back again a couple of weeks later and had an equally good night out! Wouldn't say they serve the best tacos in town like Seano claimed but definitely up there with the best!I must admit, I was holding a little bit of a grudge against you, Anejo.
You don't take reservations (fine, understandably, lots of places don't), but when I was scuppered showing up at 7:00 on a Friday to put my name down for a table, to find you don't even do a wait list then told to come back in 2 hours and try again then.

No thanks.

But I really like margaritas, so I suggested attempting to try my luck here on Thursday at 5:00 pm with a smaller group of friends.
Our table was right next to the shared entrance with Towa, thankfully it is a sheltered entrance so you aren't buffeted by arctic breezes every time someone enters.
We were seated along the long bench which was extremely comfy, I wanted to take an after work siesta.
One of the ex-contestants off of the bachelor Canada walked in, I didn't know who she was. So therefore I can conclude that Anejo brings in the Canadian reality celebrities, I was anxious to see if Kalan Porter or Evan from Road Rules would walk in next.

Our server was really friendly and entertaining, he applauded my drinking, which probably isn't a good thing for me. Us ladies all dived into the margarita menu, and I had to go for the classic, I wish there was more salt on the rim, but it was really tasty. Anejo's margaritas are not blended, which makes for a quick drink. Our server then informed me they do doubles, so double classic margaritas it was for me (I spent just under $40 on 3 margaritas)!

We ordered the guacamole and fire roasted salsa for the table, which are made (you guessed it) table side! It was nice, but it didn't seem to make that much, considering how large the serving vessels are, 5 of us ate it up very quickly. Maybe we were just super hungry?

Then it was time for the mains, I tried the feature taco which was crispy pork belly, these were simply some of the most mouth watering, taco goodness I have consumed. $17 for 3 tacos, I think it's about $14 for 3 if you order off the regular taco selections, but I don't care that I paid almost $20 bucks for mini flour half wraps, cause they were SO GOOD.
For those with a gluten sensitivity they do offer corn tortillas upon request.

I then further indulged and was the only one at the table who ordered a dessert, I had to try the molten chocolate cake. This dessert does take a little longer which is fine, except the rest of my party had to leave so I was left drinking my last double margarita and cramming molten chocolate and raspberry goodness into my face with just one friend left.

So, all in all, I really enjoyed my meal and experience. My one friend who did not order tacos, got the ahi tuna, said it was pretty tough, but If I do come back and decide to venture away from tacos, I'll probably try their mac and cheese and do some tequila sipping off the menu.

You redeemed yourself Anejo!

and it's my last review of the 30 day challenge!!! YAY

Review #30 of Yelp's 30 Day ChallengeAs an American, I was shocked by the prices, but after some time in Calgary I realized these prices seemed pretty normal. I guess with the lower violent crime rate, lower infant mortality rate, and universal health care, Canadians have more money to spend on eating- I'm jealous! 

They unfortunately didn't have vegan labeling and it didn't look like they had a lot of vegan things to choose from- but the server was very helpful and understanding. My three black bean tacos took a long time to come, and my friend's vegan salad came out with non-vegan dressing on it. The server kindly got us a new salad and comped both of those food items- which was really nice. The great service definitely saved this from being a lower rated review! 

I hope the ownership at Anejo do two things:

1) Label vegan options and provide more of them. Labeling makes it easier for customers and staff, and 13% of the population that is vegan/vegetarian will appreciate it. Vegan food is typically healthier and better for the planet, and it's a fast-growing trend, so you can make money and make our world better by offering vegan food.

2) Abolish tipping. Just read this paragraph: 

Studies have shown that tipping is not an effective incentive for performance in servers. It also creates an environment in which people of color, young people, old people, women, and foreigners tend to get worse service than white males. In a tip-based system, nonwhite servers make less than their white peers for equal work. Consider also the power imbalance between tippers, who are typically male, and servers, 70 percent of whom are female, and consider that the restaurant industry generates five times the average number of sexual harassment claims per worker. And that in many instances employers have allegedly misused tip credits, which let owners pay servers less than minimum wage if tipping makes up the difference.

Citations for those claims can be found here: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/08/15/the-case-against-paying-waiters-in-tips-in-one-irrefutable-paragraph/This is a great spot for a date the service was amazing! The servers were very helpful and made you very comfortable with their menu and about tasting their tequila flights. Our appetizers and drinks were amazing and we loved the atmosphere. The only let down was the main course not that is was horrible but is was just average compared to everything else.Great night out! The food was very good, especially the guacamole. Great atmosphere. Our server was terrific, very friendly and always seemed to be there when we wanted something. So, after such a good time the first visit I decided to go back. Ordered the fish tacos and they were tasteless, added some of the salsa but all that did was change the taste from nothing to tortillas and salsa. My server seemed disinterested this time so I didn't bother complaining. Not sure if I will go back, too bad because the location is great and the atmosphere is terrific but if the food is lousy none of the other stuff matters.Wow! What a great experience! Walking into the restaurant put me in the mood for Mexican more than I previously was moments before stepping foot through those gates! The service we were gives was amazing! Good vibe and everyone felt great! Waiter was amazing always making sure we were topped up on chips and salsa! Guacamole is a must have solely for the experience and taste. They mash it up in front of you with everything measured out and it is fresh guacamole you cannot resist! Our main course was delightful as you can see in the photo. It came boiling in a very hot rock bowl! Felt authentic and tasted like real Mexican. Everything was very clean and well plated. Good food for the hands! Overall a really well established restaurant. Every staff member cares about service which is what's expected. Only complaint I have is the tap in the bathroom was rather weak and it made for a challenging time to wash your hands. Other than that restaurant was amazing! Would recommend!Had to book well in advance, but Anejo delivered with everything we ordered being phenomenal. We had *lots* of margs, the cilantro cucumber being my favourite but everyone kind of had their own preference. The hundreds of tequilas are also fantastic of course... One "order for sure" item was the wild boar taco... One friend called it "unicorn bacon in a taco". I will come back, every time I'm in Calgary.Went here for dinner, it's a crowded place. I sat at the bar, so no wait. The staff was attentive and the food was really good! I'd recommend the pork tacos! The food was delivered really quickly and was very warm, not so made to order.Come to Anejo if you are looking for a fun ambiance and a good margarita. Don't come to Anejo if you are looking for good, authentic Mexican food. The tacos are just OK, but taste mass produced. Happy hour is the only time i will seek out a visit to Anejo, after a horrible experience this past summer in a large party. We visited with 12 people for a birthday and were forced into a set menu, that included massive bowls of dry quinoa and overcooked protein. The food for the set menu was actually quite terrible. The service was also sub-par, i tried to order an individual margarita and the waitress told me "its so busy that if you don't order jugs of margaritas" (which FYI are about $100 each).. "the bartender won't have time to make you a single margarita for about 30 minutes." Our table was not impressed we were pretty much being told that we couldn't each order different flavours- but that we had to order one jug for the table.
Long story short- i'll return over happy hour for a $5 chili coconut margarita- which are fabulous- but won't be spending an evening dining here again.The bartenders like to short pour.  My first margarita tasted like juice so i watched the bartender the second time and sure enough it was quite the short pour.  I was going to order wine after that, but their wine list was terrible.  On a high note service was great, and the the Guacamole was delicious!  It's also got a cool vibe inside.My wife & I just came to Calgary from Vancouver and wanted to go for Mexican food while my Mom was visiting. This place looked good on Yelp so we showed up. Unfortunately, they were so busy & booked up (it was a Friday night... fair enough) that we were told it was an hour wait. The super nice hostess, Jenny, called their sister restaurant to try to help us out, even though she was busy. We decided to wait instead & took 3 seats at the bar. Within 15 mins. Jenny came & said she'd found us a table. Awesome! The service was really informative & friendly (although, to be fair, our server was a bit hurried & harried) but no matter... the side guacamole chopped freshly at our table was a real highlight & delicious; the rest was tasty as well. We are, admittedly, spoiled for restaurants in Vancouver, but I would definitely go back to Anejo (although next time, I'd call ahead for a reservation! :)Passing by so many times, and it seems very packed; finally got a chance to try on last weekend. As what I thought, the food was just okay.

The place is very nice, I guess that's why people enjoy spending time there hang out with friends. For me it's more like paying for the good atmosphere, but not the food.

I ordered Tuna Poke for my lunch, lacking of flavour, very flat. Especially I had a good one at another place today, big comparison. 

I was thinking if I should give 3 or 2 stars. But since I do not think I will go again, so I gave 2 starts (places with 3 starts I may go again).As part of the Calgary Poutine Crawl 2013, this location was stop 5 of 6.  The food is great, they did their version of poutine, Mexi style.  It was interesting.  Pulled pork, with Nachos.  It was good.

For a poutine, I wouldn't go here but if I want Mexican, then definitely thumbs up!

I liked the colour and the split level seating.  Upstairs was small but can be very romantic for the right setting.Drinks were a 4star, food a 3 star and service a 2star.  Fun margaritas -the chili coconut marg is spicy fantastic. The tacos were good. Not crazy good....but good. It would be nice to have salsa or guac for them. Service was horrible. We waited 40 mins each time she left for her to return and almost an hour for bill. Strange all her upsell efforts but no real effort in service.Really cute little place with a lot of Latin Sass. I liked it here! Loved the music, the vibe was good! There was a nice patio if you wanted to be outside.
Pre-drinks were in order for the birthday boy - and it was Happy Hour! So beer for him and margs for me! I tried a coconut chili one and it was deelish! Yes, I would have to agree with the reviewers on here as to how small the glasses are, (that consist of mostly ice) but I guess you can look as the drinks as "samplers" and try not to pay more than $5 for each one. (Happy Hour was until 5pm) I also tried a passion fruit marg and it you like it tart, it is very good too. I still want to try the classic, the ginger, the mango, etc, etc!
Food eats we kept it light as we had dinner reservations elsewhere - the waitress wanted our opinion on the shrimp and scallop ceviche. So, we got this to start. It was good - not great, but good, edible. The shrimp and scallops really needed to be fresh for this dish and not thawed from frozen. The texture of the delicate seafood was not there. BUT we ordered this amazing tortilla soup to try - WOWIE! This is a must-try when you come to Anejo. The depth of flavours, the chicken, the avocado, the crunch from the tortilla, served HOT- ohhhh, I want a bowl right now! And I did not know this until after, but the kitchen will make it spicier if you ask.
I just liked being in this place (service was OK) and it was sad to leave but there will be other times to come back. Some people next to us had chicken mole and tacos and everything that they had looked so good. 
One thing that ticked me a bit was a $2 water charge on our bill. We had never asked for water but the waitress was telling us later about a new trend in Calgary where charging for still water per person is the norm. (tap water not an option anymore)I had not even touched my water. It is not the cash aspect, I would have just liked to have been told when we sat down, or given the option to have water or not.
They do not do anything either for birthdays - I feel that they should, but they don't.I have a list of many different restaurants to try and Añejo was one of them. We heard that Añejo does get quite busy on the weekends and that you cannot make a reservation so we decided to show up early for dinner. 

By the time we got there (5:30) it was already busy so we were glad that we showed up when we did! Once we walked in we got escorted to a comfy corner booth and were briefly explained the menu.

As I looked over the drink menu I was drawn to the margaritas (also due to the fact that the server said that they were "the best in town") so I thought I would try the Strawberry Rhubarb.

Let me just say that the margaritas are AMAZING. Small but strong, the mango and chili coconut are my fav. 

We ordered the guacamole that is prepared at your table to start. It was very fresh and delicious and I did enjoy the experience and the presentation. I will even say that it was my favourite choice of the night.

For my main I ordered the three soft tacos (2 with pork and 1 with chicken - we were sharing and both wanted to try the pork) with a side of lime cilantro rice. I really enjoyed the chicken but thought the pork was just alright. The rice was nicely seasoned and went great with the tacos. The other dish we ordered was the beef tenderloin molcajete, it came sizzling to the table with 2 small tortillas. We had to ask for more tortillas a couple times. The steak did have a nice flavor but it was kind of tough and I wasn't a big fan of the cactus leaf, it was very chewy and just felt like it was added purely to make the dish more exciting and didn't have much flavor. 

I loved the décor and the nice atmosphere and we will certainly come back for some tacos and margaritas.....

TIP: Happy Hour is from 3-5 and it is $5 dollar margarita's and half off tacos... SO GOOD!Añejo may translate as "aged" but you could not find a more youthful atmosphere.

You walk up to this restaurant and you know you're in for a treat. Not only are all of the patrons happy and outgoing but it's obvious that the staff are having a great time as well. When you have the perfect trio of tacos, tequila, and great company how could you go wrong? I managed to get my party to order all of the kinds of tacos so that I could sample them all. I was impressed with all of the tacos. They were all uniquely flavored and filling (you only need three). I am not a huge fan of battered fish in tacos, so I would recommend either the chicken, beef, or pork and you won't go wrong. Also, the staff provide great service and are very nice.

If you're not already ordering the guacamole you're making a terrible life choice. Made right in front of your eyes as you drool over how delicious all of the fresh ingredients look. The chips they provide are the perfect delivery system for this tasty substance.

Do you like spicy foods? Do you like really really spicy foods? Okay then you need to talk to the staff and get a bottle of their homemade hot sauce. This tasty sauce is hot enough to spice up your tacos and provide that little extra taste that you didn't even know was missing.

Dessert time: You don't need any more food, get tequila! Grab a shot of that delicious coconut flavored tequila and keep the night going.

If you like Mexican, you can't dislike Añejo because then you'd just be wrong.Very expensive for Mexican food. Food tasted great but did not live up to the high prices. 

The chilli reno tastes great but once again... very expensive for a stuffed pepper.Food & drink: So happy to find a selection of mezcal cocktails. Loved the mezcal mule they had going on! Great balance of spicy, sweet, smoky and tart! Food was okay, enjoyed the guacamole and queso dip but found the vegetarian chili taco a bit spicy and the Chile relleno a bit boring in flavour. 

Atmosphere: Fun atmosphere and decent service!Ehrmagehrd. 

Well, I don't know if it's because I was eating marijuana chocolates (homemade) before I walked in here but HOT DAMN, I ate until my pants didn't fit and I was moaning. 

Great atmosphere, wasn't busy. Staff was alright. 

Veggie options? Kicked ass. Try the mushroom taco. Try the potatoes. 

I ordered the taco salad, it was lack lustre at best, but I was a little tipsy so I ate all of it, but really, it was full romaine leaves with some kind of mushroom goo on top and it looked bad...but I ate it. 

Drinks? I had one Caesar to start which had a pickled pepper in it that had so much flavour I had a "when Harry met Sally" moment over it. Not a word of a lie. Holy fruitsalad batman. And those Margs are the cats PJ's. I had 2. If I lived in Mission I would've drank their strawberry rhubarb margs until they kicked me out. 

I'll be back, without chocolates, to see if this was the real deal.Can't say enough about the amazing staff and food here!! We had a large booking and Amanda set up our reservation and was so great.  The booking system they send your confirmation with is straight forward and easy to understand.
We got to the restaurant and the staff were extremely friendly.  The food is all delicious!! Best tacos in Calgary and extremely fresh guacamole.  The margaritas come in a wide variety of flavors and are all worth a try.  
Dessert is a MUST the tres leche was my favorite but the churros are a very close second.   Will definitely be coming back when I'm in town and suggest this restaurant to everyone!!! 
Perfect for groups, date night, ladies nights whatever your event.  Free parking around but catch a taxi because the drinks are great!  I wouldn't take children because it's vibrant and more lounge like for adults.This was my second and last trip to Anejo. I didn't pick the spot and figured it's been a couple of years  since I was there last, so gave it another go. The waitress was honestly barely groomed and possibly not clean. Her attitude was that we were bothering her. The place was almost empty and she still was not interested in us. The food was less than sub-par which I don't know the right word for it? Once again the guacamole had NO taste and the staff member was so uninterested in us it was remarkable. The beef tacos were lukewarm which is funny since it wasn't busy, and again had no taste. I asked for jalapeños which I didn't get and I requested corn tortillas which I didn't get   The waitress came by to fill up water and that was about it. I'm never going back. Why do people rave about this place? Maybe no one has had decent Mexican food?? And the margaritas are marginalOverall: Great environment, good friendly service, average food, expensive prices.

Having lived in SoCal I have high expectations of Mexican restaurants.  For Calgary this is not bad.  The table side guac is good.  Come for the ambiance, not the food.  Located in a great area, the restaurant has 3 levels including a patio out front.

Service was slow, yet friendly.

The two missing stars are for:

1) Expensive for Mexican food (although you pay for the ambiance and location)

2) We finished dinner and wanted a few more drinks, but the server said she couldn't serve us because another reservation had our table!  We were not offered another table, or even to be moved to the bar - nothing.  I have never been to a restaurant that stops your service and kicks you out.  We had to go down the street to another restaurant to have a few after dinner drinks. - Strange way to run a restaurant.

Edit: came a second time and found the service still lacking and food and drinks over priced.Great fresh margarita selection.  They tout best margaritas in town, and I agree.  Had various selections off the menu.  Guac as a starter is a given anywhere that offers it.  Very good, prepped in the kitchen and mixed tableside.  The size is good for two to three people, but the price is a bit high.  Had the Empanadas, wonderful flavor both in and out with the crema, but they didn't seem fresh.  The empanada was a little tough, and the short rib filling a little dry.  We had a three taco selection, snapper was great, pork and the short rib were so-so.  Staff are friendly and attentive.I've been to Anejo at least 5 times each time for happy hour. It's a decent deal. Recently they have raised their margarita prices from $5 to $6 on HH. Around 100,000 people on EI  in Calgary and they are raising prices - shame. Now, let talk about food...
They are known for their guac that is tasty but how one justifies charging $14 + tax for 1,5 avocados, a bit of onion, a small tomato and lime? In addition they are pushing this guac as soon as you sit down. Tacos are half price on HH and are $7 for 3 of them. They are ok, not mind blowing and, I'll be honest, paying a full price for what you get would have been an insult. It's listed as $40 for two people on Zomato which is wrong. You will spend more than $70 because their entries are over $25 pp. Anyways, two stars for ridiculous prices and for very pushy staff (3 out 5 times) I felt as inconvenience to the server because I had only drinks.First time to the restaurant last week and enjoyed the food and ambience. Guacamole made in front of you, waitress was friendly but a few staff standing around that could of helped when we would be looking for help.Anejo graces the Mission community with its own take on Mexican cuisine. Nestled in on 4th street right next to Towa Sushi, Anejo takes Mexican food as we know it and translates it into something that is both inspired and unique. The Jalisco styled menu items are fresh and tasty, a far cry from the heavily sauced and cheesy monstrosities of bad Tex-Mex you might find in a forgotten cafe or local food court. Fresh ceviche, savoury tacos filled with slow cooked meats and crispy snapper greet you here. Vibrant colours and contrasting textures please the eyes as well as the palate in the dishes that are represented. In addition, Anejo makes some of the finest margaritas in town using fresh quality ingredients and tequila from their selection of over 100 varieties.

The food at Anejo is uncomplicated and unique. It sets the stage for a dining experience that includes friends, loved ones and a promotes a great time. I feel comfortable in the relaxed setting. The design is modern with accents of Mexico without the kitsch. Service is friendly and the knowledge of the staff on the menu and drink program is pretty good. 

Speaking of the drinks, the margaritas are refreshing and very tasty. It's remarkable what good ingredients can do to transform a cocktail. I recommend the Prickly Pear, a naturally sweet and refreshing blend of fresh fruit puree and the finest tequila... a little tart with the unapologetic presence of that signature tequila flavour. Unbelievable.

We also started things off with a trio of ceviche to get things going. Basa, tuna, and shrimp/scallop graced our table a few minutes later. What I was surprised about with these ceviches was that each one had a little different spin on flavour. Not only was it because of the fresh fish that was the focus of each one, but each ceviche also had a little different preparation. My favourite was definitely the tuna ceviche, as it had a little touch of sweet and tartness from the fresh mango capped off with a little warmth from the serrano chili.

The tacos are also very tasty and available in beef short rib, adobo pork, crispy red snapper, chicken, or vegetarian. The flavours of the meat aren't too overly aggressive as they can be dressed up with the selection of fresh salsas that also accompany them. They are also filled with pickled cabbage, jalapenos, cilantro, red onion and avocado to provide a little textural contrast and colour. What I didn't find was some fresh lime for that hit of acidity.

The Red Snapper entree is a generous portion of fish, topped with beautifully cooked shrimp and a delicious Spanish Romesco sauce. It sits on a bed of fluffy lime cilantro rice with grilled onions and fresh bell peppers. The rice has a nice light flavour that goes well with the meaty snapper. All this is brought back to earth by the Romesco sauce, a slightly sweet tomato based sauce with red bell peppers, garlic, ground almonds or pine nuts. The exact recipe here, I'm not sure of, but it's a great match for fish nonetheless.

My impression is that Anejo is doing well by keeping things simple. The menu isn't a sampling of the entire country, nor is it another reiteration of an overplayed perception of what Mexican cuisine has been transformed into by the Taco Bells and Chi Chi's of the world. The drink program is amazing and the research into the vast tequila selection shows real passion. Thanks for the great evening.Tequila is my friend again...Guacamole served Table sideCoconut chili margarita was very goodTurkey Tacos? ;)The margaritas are amazing, even to an other wise non tequila drinker like me. . Take advantage of the happy hour from 3-5 pm weekdays, so you can try a bunch of their flavours without dropping crazy cash. . .GuacamoleThe coconut chili margarita is amazing!! The tacos not so much, they are lacking flavor. Don't get the mushroom taco!Gotta love a place that uses local ingredients like rhubarb to make Margaritas!The best guacamole in Calgary, made table side. I could eat this every day but that might be considered addictive behaviour.Steer clear of the white sauce if you can't handle heat.  If you can.... you'll love this!Go for the pork belly taco. You will not regret it.  If you want to try more than one taco mix it up!Great for a date on a weeknight, more intimate and less noisy. great for a group hang on weekends.I found the portions a bit smallIt's always margarita time! Best in #yyc.Classic Margarita is a great summer drink!Great place to check in for a flavorful lunch or romantic Dinner.The count chile pepper margarita was awesome just the right amount of kick.1/2 price margaritas and tacos from 3-5pmThe first few times I ate here I liked it. It seems now like it has developed a "food court" feel to it. If you are looking for dinner conversation this is not the place for it.Chicken tacos, coconut chili margaritas, happy hour and amazing service!!Ginger margarita was delish! The ceviche tasting plate was fresh and tasty.fresh guac!!!Great tequila list and halfy hour is a definite must. Tequila and margs half price! Great patio.Best tacos errPretty good food, albeit weirdly dry. Service was good though!Just had a great experience! We have been to Anejo several times and food is always good. Tonight what out shone the food was the staff.  From the fantastic hostess (Jenny) to the barman (Beau) and the manager (Demia) we had fantastic service. Welcoming, friendly and professional something of an oddity in Calgary these days. Posted by fiancé :-)Lots of hipsters. Amazing guacamole and home made salsa. My husband and I were finally able to get away for a little short vacation this past summer (albeit just to Calgary), but we had plenty of friends to visit from his art school days that we hadn't seen in a while, so we made a week of it. 

One of his friends lives in Mount Pleasant, so he brought his main squeeze, and we were able to walk the 2 or 3 blocks to this place. We' driven by and thought it looked intriguing, and Jim and the squeeze said it was fabulous, so in we went. The guys were able to order their favorite beers, and we all ordered food. There was at least one of the huge burgers in the mix, and I think a club. I got some sort of veggie burger. (wish they'd get finished with their website so I culd remember just what I had!). We agreed that everything was delicious. 

We sat in the very back. The decor is gorgeous and understated, with old photos and maps of Calgary that have been handsomely framed. The lighting is nice and subtle. Not too dark, not too bright, and the paint colors were well chosen. We actually commented on the decor, because it was so striking.

Our waitress was super friendly and funny, we had great food, great beer, and great company. That's what eating out is all about.5 stars for lunch! I haven't been here for dinner but lunch service is great. I have been here twice for lunch and I love when service is consistent, friendly, and quick during this meal.  Their menu has lots of variety so it is good for a group with different preferences for food. I had the Jamaican tacos which had a nice kick of spice and tang to it.  I had a bite of everyone else's dish which ranged from burgers to their pasta. Their penne didn't stand out but their burgers are so delicious. Good portion size, creative combinations and packed full of flavour. I definitely recommend one of their burgers as top menu item choice.  I also love how their fries (if you choose it as your side) come in a cute little metal basket. The visual appeal makes the fries even more appetizing.I have been to 4th spot many times. The past few visits have been disappointing. After the stinky, cold and generally disgusting olive oil pizza, I will never go back. The pepperoni on traditional crust was just ok.  My beer was less than chilled. I am more disappointed that they would actually serve something that was obviously sub standard. Clean up your act 4 th spot!!!!Ok, they get bumped up to 4-stars because:

Their staff are usually friendly and lovely.
The burgers.. oh... so good!
It has a cozy feeling to it, and usually good for bigger groups.

Going back!My father and his friends finally treated me to here because i have been marking too long time.hahahahaha.joking  we ordered five meals, all of them were good. Although this the first time i ate burger in Calgary,it was not bad. Excluding burger,the favorite meal is that soup! It was amazing, i love it!The cup of soup was covered by the fried wheat cake or pancake (Actually,i don't know how to describe), but it tasted nice.Meatloaf was amazing, but fries were burnt hard and crunchy. 
Gf had the stampeder , I tried a bite and amazing! Yam fries, top notch.
Decent/good service!We went here for lunch while we were in Calgary. I had the beef   chimichurri tacos. They were a bit dry at first so I tried their house hot sauce. The tacos were perfect with the hot sauce, the hot sauce is smokey and spicy. Overall the service was good and timely.Great ambiance and amazing food!  Service was fantastic and quick...we will be back!  I would recommend this place for large or small groups...Enjoy!Ordered the steak and salad today - El Matador - and it was bad. Overdone and tough pieces of steak on skewers with pieces of vegetables, all marinated in vinegar to the point of being sour, along with salad soaked in yet more vinaigrette. The waitress was attentive but seemed uninterested in my comments re the meal. I had the meatloaf a few months ago and loved it. But after this, I won't be back.Our group landed here after a flight. We were all very hungry and the Yelp reviews enticed us. Food was amazing! The French onion soup was beautiful - the bread & cheese on top were of perfect consistency, and the soup itself, divine. It disappeared quickly! Meat poutine was a monstrous portion. Would definitely return!Really pleasantly surprised!! We took our two kids and it was very family friendly with a great kids menu and even better regular menu. It was $5 off burgers when we went and ours were delicious, the chipotle and fried avocado.....yum! Sweet potato fries were great. Will %100 go back! Next time we'll try out the pizza night :) Only thing was no reservations and it's a busy place, but once we got it the service was very good.Oh. My. God. Why didn't I know about this place sooner? We just moved in to the area and a friend took me to 4th spot. The food was amazing- I had the stuffed chicken club and the inferno shrimp (order extra bread, because you're going to want to soak up the sauce from the shrimp!). Our server was great, she even let me put a sticker over my house on the giant aerial photo of the neighborhood on the wall. I took my boyfriend back here a few days later and we had equally great service. He had the steak sandwich, which was amazing. Whatever the marinade they use for the steaks, it's spectacular. I had a pizza which was 1/2 price and delicious. Definitely recommend this place!The whole family has been here several times already!  This place has a great ambience (neighbourhood pub/restaurant) and attentive service.  It can be noisy on busy nights.  From Mondays to Thursdays, they have dine-in deals: e.g Mondays is pizza night, Tuesdays is pasta night,Thursdays is $10 burger and $5.50 pint night, and Fridays is steak sandwich night. Tonight (Wednesday) they had wine and wings for half price.  I couldn't possibly pass this deal up.
The bacon maple wings were lightly battered and drizzled with maple syrup and bits of real bacon (instead of those fake bacon bits). They were a delicious combination of sweet and salty smokiness--what more could a bacon lover ask for?  Another pound of these wings, please!  The honey roasted garlic wings and  sweet chilli coconut wings are also worth ordering.  
Our favourites include: baked French onion soup (served in a large crock bowl topped with a generous portion of cheese and puff pastry), steak sandwich(the steak is cooked and seasoned perfectly), the Bruce Lee (thin crust pizza topped with teriyaki chicken, red onion, pineapple, mozza, green onions) and the butcher pizza(traditional crust pizza with pepperoni, beef, bacon, and spicy Spolumbo's sausage).  
 My son can't wait to come as a regular on Wednesdays once he gets his braces removed!To the Poutine lovers out there you must come here and try the Chicken and Waffle attacking cheese before it's off the menu! It came out piping hot with ooyee gooyee cheese, gravy and maple syrup with chucks of waffles. The Poutine was so alive and stringy that the cheese flew and hit my boyfriends forehead smack in the middle. Then came the best part... Next time he lifted the fork and the fry with gravy flew to his forehead and stuck there... So if you what some crazy awesome great salty and sweet poutine  ... com' on by because it will be a food  story of a life time. Oh yeah the Virgin lime margarita with salt on the rim was a nice addition to the meal. It was a decent portion  for two.Love the Mount Pleasant (drink).Love the brushetta. Service can sometimes be lacking considering all the staff I see when I'm there.While dropping off our father to the airport we want a nice place for dinner. After seeing the French onion soup on yelp we had to give it a try. 

We all went for the soup and were not disappointed. The phyllo pastry topping made for a unique dip in the delicious French onion soup. A little bit of cheese added to the very filling meal. 

My only compliant is that we ordered too much food. I had to try the nachos with pulled pork as well. 

The sassy waitress made the dinner complete with some witty banter. 

Bookmarked for future trips to Calgary.One of my family's favourite restaurants- if not our number 1 place. The steak sandwich is always cooked as requested (med rare), tender and juicy.  The olive oyl pizza is a favourite, and the house salad is always great.  We actually haven't been disappointed by anything in the menu.  The burgers are so good, hand formed and actually make it hard to eat a normal frozen BBQ burger in between our visits to this restaurant.  Love this place- reasonable pricing, tasty menu, and family friendly!I've been to the restaurant side a couple of times and enjoy it immensely.  We have always received exceptional customer service.  The pizza is delicious as is the rest of the food we've tried.  Portions are decent - you will not leave hungry!  They are very accommodating to kids, and as such our kids love it there too.

The only con I have is the last time we were there, I had a couple glasses of red wine ($10 per glass) and the glasses appeared to be 1/4 full when they arrived at the table.  For $10/glass I do expect the glass to have a little more in it.  As mentioned this was only the last time we were there...previous times were fine.

Decently priced, close to home, yummy food and fabulous service.  It's a great little neighbourhood secret!Highly recommend you try the Sausage Pizza, delicious and the Saucy Meatballs...mmmmmmmmmm, Good!
Not too mention a very good array of beers on tap to help wash it down.
I'll be back...We loved it all! The poutine, cider, maple bacon, salt n peppa wings all yum!! Thanks guys!Saltiest food I had ever eaten in my life. The meatloaf was not edible. It was so salty I had a bite and downed a full glass of water. Disgusting. Maybe it was their off day but will not go back I want to live a long healthy life.Don't bother. Staff here are totally rude and unpleasant. The food is average (not impressive at all) and way overpriced. Noisy 'bumble bar' when sports are on!4th Spot is AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME.
We went in at 5:45pm on a Friday, and the place was jam packed, mostly due to the
families that were having early dinner.
During our 15 min wait, we were offered drinks, until we were seated.
We were taken to a cozy booth in the back corner of the lounge section, and our server was with us within a minute.
I had the Veg burger, with sauteed mushrooms and onions. On top of being sloppy and delicious, it could have fed 2 people.
My boyfriend had the Fat Elvis, a beef patty with spicy mayo and blue cheese. Also delicious, rich and fattening. 
They really do have some of the best yam fries in town, crispy and fresh...not limp like they've come out of a bag. 
Looking around, you have all types coming to this spot, from families, to couples young and old. 
There is live music on Tuesdays and drink specials everyday.
I will definately be coming back for the fantastic food and friendly service.Super classy but comfy home feel, PHENOMENAL food, and incredibly friendly and welcoming staff. Definitely going to return again! My mom and I split the French onion soup and the maple canuck burger and were totally blown away by both. Brilliant! Will definitely return.This is a great little spot for a date night during the week! They have excellent daily specials!!  It can get a bit busy, so I would recommend going before or after the dinner rush.Really good food, amazing service. Friendliest and most helpful waiters I have come across in a whileEvery time we visit our son and family we have to go here, just a quick walk from their home.  The fish tacos are unbelievable paired with a Caesar salad. Others in our party had pizza which looked fantastic, shrimp tacos and of course the chocolate cake with ice cream. Will be back have not been disappointedNot your typical neighborhood pub. Original food that's cooked very well and tasty with a nice atmosphere! Pizzas are amazing, French onion soup is definitely worthy a try and the beef skewers will not disappoint! Found my fave place for amazing food with a beer!4th Spot is in a great location with plenty of parking, and the ambience is relaxed. I felt myself going back and forth with this review. I don't get it, Calgary. It seemed like with 3 servers relaying (with roughly 10 guests per server for the group), the service would actually be somewhat decent. However, it took my friend and I half an hour to get a menu, 20 minutes to get a glass of wine, and over an hour before her salad showed up. The server that gave us our drinks, didn't even bother to stop and ask if we were ready to order, he just booked it across the room. Is there someone outside in a giant barrel, stomping grapes with their bare feet? Is someone harvesting romaine lettuce by hand, in the rain? 

Why are so many of Calgary's restaurants completely and utterly unprepared to handle large groups? Large groups make reservations, so you know well ahead of time that you're going to be serving X amount of people; yet you still act like your mother-in-law randomly showed up on your front porch with a suitcase to stay for a week, so you ran upstairs and shit the bed. 

Thankfully, the birthday guy seemed to be well attended to, which is the important thing (and which kept your stars from turning brown), but when the food finally arrived... blargh. We wolfed it down because the wait was making us hangry, and if it wasn't for the Tic Tacs in my purse, my friend would've started nomming on the upholstery. 

Now, the sweet potato fries here are decent. And so is the house made hot sauce, although I wish it had come out at the same time my dipping cup of ketchup came out. By the time the ketchup came out, there were 3 fries left on the plate. Three. That's a rounded tablespoon of ketchup for every lukewarm fry.

The gluten-free crust for the pizza... yeah. It was way undercooked. It tasted like I had put sugar-free ketchup on white bread. I know how that tastes, because I was a stoner in high school. I do appreciate that gluten-free things on the menu exist though, since the birthday guy legit has Celiac disease, and this restaurant is close to where he lives. Maybe, I would've appreciated it more, if I hadn't had amazing vegan, gluten-free pizza 2 days prior. But this pizza was like a bear in a tutu following the Beatles. I know delicious gluten-free crust is possible. This could've been more if it had more time in the oven. And it should've had all the time in the world, because it took over an hour to arrive. 

Still, while I wouldn't go out of my way to visit this place again, if invited, I'd probably give them another go. Like I said, I do really appreciate that they have gluten-free options available, and the servers seemed like they would be a lot nicer if they weren't so overwhelmed. I'd probably decline an invitation where there were 30 guests again, but maybe with a couple of pals.We had the French onion soup and the Mac n' cheese everyone has been raving about, and both were amazing! Service was great. For adults I would probably suggest the patio or lounge. The main dining area was loaded with families and children... so for a quiet date night I would probably try to avoid that area, or just go at a later hour.First time here:

The food is amazing, local, well priced.
The beer is amazing, local, well priced.
The atmosphere is amazing, local, welcome.

I WILL ALWAYS COME BACK!This place is an awesome blend of lounge and family restaurant.  I had the French onion soup as a side to my maple bacon burger and it was all amazing although too much for one meal. Great service and atmosphere. Use the no wait app to save yourself the cold wait outside.Wow. Great food great vibe. This place is tucked away and a worthwhile find. I highly reckoned for either a quick bite or more substantial lunch. I was in the neighborhood used reviews to decide on it and was not disappointed.Fab fab fab!! Went here Valentines night just gone, service was brill, food was amazing! Had soup and den d Vitamin Sea Salad , could not fault it! Cant wait to return :))Yep...what everyone else said. They screwed up my order but still got 5 stars.

This is one of those places that is hard to order from cuz everything sounds so damn good.  I had the French onion soup to start and it was topped with this crazy phyllo crust that turned out quite good.  Steak sandwich was on special and it's a smaller filet that was perfectly cooked.  The screw up I mentioned earlier was that I was brought the wrong sidedish (ordered poutine and was brought baked) then my replacement poutine never came.  The reason they still get 5 stars is because they handled it perfectly by leaving the baked potatoes for the table to share then comping my steak sani from the bill.  Exactly the right thing to do to bring me and my buddies back.  Everyone else raved about the food and the place was packed....took us about 15-20 to get a table on Friday night 7:30, which isn't too shabby.  Definitely a decent spot!Came here on a Friday night.  We used the Nowait app and it went flawlessly (still had to wait a bit since we got there early).  

I had the kitchen sink penne with a daily soup (tomato).  The soup was far from being a regular boring old tomato soup.  I think the tomatoes were smoked or roasted which gave the soup alot of depth and definitely kicked it up a notch.  The pasta dish was a good size and filling.  There was a ton of things going on since it was everything but the kitchen sink, however I could've done away with the meatloaf since I felt like texturally it was out of place and ended up just breaking apart.  

My gf ordered the chipotle fried avocado burger and upgraded the side to french onion soup.  We both saw pictures of the french onion soup and decided we had to try it.  We were not disappointed at all.  The puff pastry on top kept the soup hot and also kept the pastry flaky.  The soup itself was not overly salty (alot of places over-reduce their soup) and the sweetness of the onions went well with the cheese curds.  Definitely a must-get item at this place.  The burger was good although I couldn't really taste the chipotle aioli.  

We also ordered a Pimm's cup.  It was very watered down and didn't taste like anything, however they were nice enough to swap it out for a beer instead.  Our companions also ordered a Caesar and a white wine peach sangria.  They also found the drinks to be watered down, so perhaps skip the cocktails and stick to the wine/beers here.

Our companions also ordered a pizza, however they told us that it was dropped in the kitchen before it could come.  So they took it off their bill which was nice of them, however it was a very long wait for the rest of us and we were basically done eating by the time they received their pizza.

I'll be back for their upscale bar food and pair it with their french onion soup.  They have some additional parking in the back if it gets busy as well.Came to 4th Spot on a Saturday for Lunch.  I've been to 4th Spot a few times before.  
I like this cozy neighborhood pub/restaurant.  The parking is limited to a small parking lot in the rear, and street, parking. The restaurant is well appointed and fairly large.  

We decided to eat in the lounge/bar area, and the place was fairly full.  Regardless our server was over quickly to take drink order.  The food menu is fairly extensive with a variety of burgers/sandwiches as well as pizzas.  I decided to go with the Notorious PIG sandwich, my wife with just a 4th spot burger.  Our food took a bit longer to come out than what I would have thought (ie: more than 20 mins).  However, the first bites were very good.  The portion sizes were decent.  Not huge, but not small either.  Although for the price, it's definitely a bit high.  

Overall, The service is good, nothing stellar.  Our server seemed to be fairly new, and I'm thinking that with time he'll be very good.  The food is better than average for a pub, but I'd argue that you can find better value (Read: Not cheap eats).  Our service, albeit good, again it was not stellar.  All combined - 4th Spot is good but has some small misses to hit the Top Spot.I've been coming here since it was reinvented. Formerly Caruso's, an excellent pizza place, 4th spot carries on the excellent pizza tradition.

It has beautiful decor that is starting to see some wear, notedly the paint by the hostess station. Fortunately the chalkboard illustrations around the restaurant draw your eyes there.

We had decent service but it was much slower and less attentive than I'm used to there. It was busy for sure (20 min wait for a table on a Saturday night isn't bad) but not busy enough to warrant the gaps in service. 

We were there to kick off Poutine Week so we checked out the three varieties and then asked our server if all of them go towards the Mealshare purpose of the Week. He didn't know anything about Poutine Week, even though its been published for weeks in magazines that it was happening. We got it sorted out though. He told us the Butchers Shoppe poutine was a big portion that was a good starter for us to share.

False! This amazingly delicious poutine was humongous. With two very hungry people we still had a hard time finishing it. When the burger we ordered to share arrived, we laughed and asked for it to go.

That poutine though, its delicious. Shaved beef, Spolumbos sausage, bacon, cheese, and BBQ sauce. The only thing it needs it more fries. The topping to fry ratio was a wee bit lacking. Still good though! 

I give 4 stars because I have had consistent good service there over the years and the food is stellar. If you're a pasta or mushroom lover, you need to try the Mushroom Ravioli. Warning, contains almonds and deliciousness. Avoid if you're allergic to either!Lots of good reviews on this place, which is why we went there but it turned out to be a bad choice. The service was okay, if maybe a little insincere, the main complaint is the food. We shared a small plate of the smallest mussels known to man, the seemed oddly a little cold and were served with one chunk of slightly stale bread, not a good start. I tried the chicken tenders, the tasted of old oil, they seemed to have been deep fried some hours ago and either reheated or deep fried again in that old oil, fries were equally disgusting. I cannot imagine how this place got good reviews, although it did encourage to shun such terrible food in favour of healthier eating, Nice looking place, terrible food.My partner and I decided to try the 4th Spot on Wing & Wine Wednesday. Their menu online seemed really excellent, and we were excited to finally be going to this cute and friendly-looking neighbourhood spot.

When we got there, there was quite a large line up waiting for tables, but their staff members were quite organized--they took down names and gave out very accurate wait times. While we were waiting, someone came out offering up hot slices of house-made pizza. What a treat to have the establishment care about waiting customers.

Once we got seated, the servers were friendly, and very efficient--drinks were brought promptly. For our first round of wings, we ordered the Tough Guy (tasty suicide sauce) and the Jammin Mon (homemade Jamaican jerk). For our second round we ordered the Hotty Cowgirl (red mile mixed with BBQ sauce) and the Cheesy Pick Up Line (baked parmesan and red mile sauce). Here are the pros and cons of our dining experience:

PROS:
- Great value of wings for special night. The wings are large and juicy. Plus, the number of wings per serving was perfect.
- Service was incredible. We needed to send an order of wings back (see CONS), and the server was really wonderful about it.
- Restaurant definitely cares about its customers (eg. serving pizza to those of us in line).
- Offered us a beer sampler on a drink choice we were unsure about.

CONS:
- The wing flavours were DISAPPOINTING to say the least. The descriptions made them sounds wonderful. The so-called "suicide" wings were bare a "medium" heat. The Jamaican jerk rub may as well have been called "Cinnamon" because that's all we could taste. The Hotty Cowgirl tasted like unsauce wings--we just had to send this order back to get re-sauced. While the server was truly gracious in obliging this, we got the wings back COLD. Like the person in the kitchen tossed the wings in sauce from the refrigerator!!! So so so disappointing.
- The acoustics of the dining room are very weird, making the corner that we were sitting in thump with the bass notes of the speaker above us, and making it hard to have a reasonable conversation.

Ultimately, due to the service, care, and generally lovely atmosphere, we had a three-star experience at the 4th Spot. We are thinking about giving it another try--possibly for Burger & PInt Thursday, but we won't be returning for wings any time soon.Good food..great ambiance ...patio rocksWe have tried other places in the neighborhood but have always walked away disappointed. 4th Spot delivers on all the important points - food quality, value for money, atmosphere - it's got it all. My go to dishes so far are the two chicken burger selections. I'll update once I get the bruschetta to start, but I'm sure it will be delish. On a Friday or Saturday night be prepared to wait around 20-30 mins for a table. If it's particularly busy they will come around with beer and wine samples, and juice for the kids. I'm not complaining!I'm on the fence with 4th Spot. I've been there four times over the last year or so and twice they screwed up our order. The first time they brought out the wrong pizza entirely. I didn't notice right away cause it was basically the veg version of what I ordered. The second time our order was taking forever, all the tables around us who got there after us were getting their food. Turns out there was something wrong with our order and they were making it now (order was two pizzas straight off the menu, nothing crazy). 
Both times they remedied it by comping the one pizza and offering free wings the second time, but 40 minutes in I'm just hungry and annoyed. 
The other two times I went it was fine, the service is always friendly but there's something wrong in the kitchen. They're batting 500 in my books which isn't worth the risk (or the wait times).Nice looking place, nice setting and good selection of beers. I went there for happy hour in Sunday. Their HH pizza is too small to be an appetizer. You pay extra for toppings so it's not a deal at all. My pork poutine was big enough but the gravy was tasteless as the chicken bites. Not worth my visitThe nacho's were marginal.  A little bit of cheese on the top of "some" of the nachos, nothing in the middle, all dry, for $20, I expect better than that.  The drinks, The Mount Pleasant, frozen strawberries on top, it didn't even amount to a whole strawberry. The basil was dark and spotted.  Gin and Tonics, came with lemon wedge, never had that before, asked for a lime wedge, I did get it, no ice in either of the drinks, not even one cube.  Won't be back.Walked in waited to be seated....the person who greeted us was SOUR...I told her I didnt want to be in the bottom area not in the lounge part...she stood there and stared at me...I said...UP THERE!!! You're looking at me like I am crazy....the other girl took us up and asked if we were ok with tall stools...I said sure...I'm easy that way although I do like a booth. Once seated I saw that 2 booths were empty as well as two low tables...not sure why out only option was TALL CHAIRS???

Was told about the burger/pint special and I asked is the veggie burger was vegan...was told she would check...

Brought drinks...then came back to take order..."Is the veggie burger vegan???" Off she went to ask.

So as usual I ended up having to order pizza with no cheese and a salad.

Common people..ONE VEGAN DISH WOULD KILL YA??? no idea how many of us are out there telling all the other vegans where to eat...

Not coming back....service was meh meh...pizza was meh meh..salad was good but how do you screw up on that? 

For a place that is local to me...I was hoping for better...this is the 3rd time here...no more chances and no recommendations.My husband and I made last minute dinner plans with friends from Airdrie on Friday night as it was a good middle point.  We arrived around 6:30 and there was a line (I'm sure that's normal!) We were told we would wait about 20 minutes...not too bad.  Ended up only waiting about 7-10 minutes which was a nice bonus.

The server was friendly and attentive.  Good food, my husband and his friend enjoyed the good selection of beer.  Will definitely be back!Everything I have eaten here is primo!!! Only complaint I have is when I ordered a Ricards White beer, I was told it had been replaced with a different type..fruit she called it. So I am ok to try the replacement, but when it came it was served in a low round glass and it was purple...it tasted like fruit punch. Richards White is a beer with orange in it...cloudy..but still a BEER...this thing was well like I said a fruit punch. Lesson learned..ask for a wee sample before ordering it.

Anyways I love this place as you can bring kids if you want and sit in once section or the lounge and be adult only. :)Ambiance was fantastic but little noisy 
Chicken wings too great
Baked French onion soup and the Baja quesadilla were excellent dishes and this is a must go place
Service was good tooWent for lunch and had the meatballs and pizza. Both items were amazing! Really nice decor of the restaurant and the service was pretty good too. I'd go back for sure!Driven by here for years and finally stopped in for first time.  May have found one of the new favorite places to go.  Great service in the bar, ordered a steak sandwich and she ordered the maple canuck burger.  Both came out quick and perfectly cooked and tasted amazing!  Lots of craft beers from around western Canada on tap.  A little expensive for some of the pints but whatever.   Amazing food and well priced,  great atmosphere.   Highly recommended and will be back for sure!!!I live close by, so I've been to 4th Spot lots of times. Love the food, especially the pizzas. Pizzas are half price on Mondays and it's Pasta night on Tuesdays - my favourite nights to go. 

The service does tend to be slow, and if not for that, I probably would give it 5 stars. I still highly recommend it, though.Love love love the Mac and Cheese. Full of flavour and the portion size is huge.  The French onion soup is amazing as well. Would love to give 5 stars, the service though could use a little tweeting. Lots of staff but seem to wait quite awhile for the server to come around.We went mid afternoon so it wasn't too busy & we didn't have to wait for a table. 
Interior is nice, with a variety of seating options. 
We had delicious burgers, & upgraded the fries to poutine. Service was excellent, friendly & fast. One burger was missing cheese, but they were quick to remedy the error.Good food, great deal on wine on Wednesday. However, food service is VERY slow (even though we sat at the bar to accelerate the process). If you're there for the wings special on Wednesday, expect a long wait that will make you forget the flavour you ordered.My first time at 4th spot and the inferno prawns are delish!!!!!!!!  The prawns were cooked to perfection. And the truffle and cheese pizza my friend had was also really good as well. However the mussels were on the small side and kinda cold.  

I would come back for the prawns!!Just tried the Maple Canuck Burger.. It was the best burger I've ever tasted in my 28 years of living. I am from California and this is my first time in Canada.. So I decided to get everything as Canadian as possible. To me.. Canada is known for bacon, maple, hockey and poutine, which led me to the Canuck Burger and poutine fries. Geez.. I am salivating just writing this review.. And I just ate the burger 45 minutes ago. Anyways, service was good, atmosphere good, and burger fantastic. Check it "oot."Always a great place to catch up with friends. The atmosphere is really nice. Not too loud, friendly staff and, as always, a great menu. I had the steak sandwich and others In our group had the Cobb salad, wings and tacos. We all really enjoyed it. The gluten free Mac and cheese was also shared by all. 
Parking can be a bit difficult, but other than that, I strongly recommend stopping in.Food was very good. Unfortunately my body did not think so. Party of 4. 3 of us had poutine. Same 3 went straight to the washroom for 30 min afterward.We came here on a Tuesday at 5:30. Parking is dicey. No wait at this time. I had the penne and it was pretty good. Great portions. My husband had the meatloaf and he said it was delicious. It's not cheap, the meatloaf was $20. Also, my husband ordered wild turkey and it was the smallest portion of wild turkey I've ever seen poured out / and it was $8!This spot was awesome. The Canuck burger that I had was to die for and the ingredients were super fresh a spot I would definitely go back to for sure at some point. It was a beautiful night to sit outside on the patio.It was Stampede week, I'd been getting up at 4:30am every morning to volunteer with pancake breakfasts, and up until midnight every night showing my Australian friend around town. We were sitting around home, I was falling asleep on the couch, no ideas what to do for dinner, so long as it wasn't pancakes.

Enter: Yelp.

Can't exactly remember the criteria I used but it had to be within a certain distance of downtown, great reviews and somewhere with a variety of foods.

4th Spot totally fit this bill. Three of us went, we didn't partake in the drinks but we did each have different meals. We were all pleased with our selections. Service was great, and the decor/atmosphere was pretty neat.

There was quite the selection of wine - would like to go back and try some!

Review #23 of Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012Friday night was packed - but the restaurant is large enough that there are always a few tables free. Grasshopper was on special that night - as well as baseball steak with coleslaw and sweet potato fries. Fries were great and my bf's dad really enjoyed the steak, though he made a joke about the size of the steak. I ordered the salmon and soba salad, which was refreshing and very filling. The salmon was cooked well - not overcooked and tender. The soba noodles were actually ichiban type noodles - the thin curly type. Boiled asparagus spears were mixed in with a pile of spinach leaves. I sampled the 'traditional' style pizza - I like how crust looked like a pie crust (as in apple pie) and the filling was rich and cheesy with lots of onions and meats. My friend ordered a burger which looked great. I would go back for the burgers and pizza. I like the environment - it's got good energy and it's nice to go to a bar and not be the oldest person.Used to love this charming little spot. However, the last few times I have been they have told me 15-20 minute wait for a table and then stood around waiting for over an hour. Not fun when you have a 1 year old. Also didn't appreciate the $3.50 charge for a soda water. Sadly, won't be going back anytime soon.4th spot is the 1st spot on my list of local faves. Equally great for family get togethers or business lunches. The little fry baskets get me every time, and the pizza is delish. I am also a vegetarian, and have never had a problem with the menu, lots of veggie choices which is a plus!The food was very good, but getting our salad and burger from the kitchen was very slow even though place still had empty tables.Half priced wing and wine Wednesdays? Sign me up! Better yet, you don't need to sign up for anything. You just show up and order a bottle of wine for half the price. It's THAT simple. 4th spot is kind of like a local, non-chain version of Joey's (What was Joey Tomatoes, not to be confused with the fish n chips place.)

Ok caveman dieters - there are salads and then there are SALADS. If your idea of the perfect salad is actually hearty steak dinner on top of a bed of leaves just for fun, you gotta check out the Matadore Salad. This thing is 2 large BBQ skewers loaded up with marinated steak, peppers and onions, a good size chunk of grilled focaccia and feta. Now that's a meal! But just to be nice, they drop all of that on a pile a lettuce and mixed greens. This was possibly the first time in my life I've asked to have my salad packed up to go.

There's a dining room as soon as you walk in but if you left the kids at home and are 18+ I think you'll find the upstairs lounge is a little nicer of a place to hang out. They have booths and the whole area just feels a little more cozy. If you can find your house on the gigantic wall map, they'll let you mark it with a shiny star sticker. A fun game after a few half priced bottles of wine. :)best burger i have eaten so far here in Calgary, with the sweet potatoes on the side is a great combination.I love 4th Spot. I probably go here once a week since I live nearby. They have some great daily specials and live music on Tuesdays. I enjoy the relaxed vibe, friendly service, and the food is good too. It can be really busy so don't be surprised if you end up waiting for a table. My favourite things to eat are the French onion soup, fish tacos and maple Canuck burger. The fries are good (crispy) but usually pretty salty. We just ask for light salt on the fries. My friends have raved about the inferno shrimp and pizza. Awesome beers on tap as well. So happy to live walking distance from this place!A comfortable place. Great service. The server caught me looking at her bum. Haven't tried the food. They have Dictador rum :DI hadn't heard of this place before.  I actually wanted to go to "John's breakfast and brunch just a few stores down. My girlfriend and I decided to give it a try. We took a seat on the patio and immediately noticed that out of the 5-6 tables with people on them,  none of them had their food.  We knew this was going to be a long wait. We ordered drinks to start. She had a mimosa and I had a drink with Vodka,  strawberries and something else.  Not the manliest drink,  but it tasted good.  If we didn't have our drinks we would have been starving.  The buzz was keeping me going.  She ordered a traditional black forest ham Benny and I had a Benny with grilled salmon.  They were both tasty but not worth the 40 minute wait for them.  The portion was pretty small.  I don't think I will be coming back here anytime soon.I really like 4th Spot. It's the place I send people when I'm not sure what they're food tastes are... or they're not too sure how far outside of their own comfort zone they're really willing to go. It's the safe zone of a neighbourhood restaurant except with food that I'm actually willing to say is good! Now, it's not your fancy pants restaurant with creative and artfully presented dishes, but it is a place with reall great burgers, pasta dishes to fill the most intense of carb cravings, pizzas that rest on tomato cans and plenty of other food and drink choices. And it's family-friendly.

If you have friends who like a hearty meal, they won't leave hungry here. Also great weekday specials... and local beer! Not to mention a good wine selection too... you can enjoy the restaurant in the front or the lounge in the back. Or, in the very back, two private rooms you can book for functions and the likes.

Food I love:
- Maple canuck burger
- Lady & the tramp spaghetti and meatballs
- Vitamin sea
- Mahalo pizza
- Porkers pie pizza

Note: Pizza can also be requested on a gluten free crust.

Drawback: The acoustics in the washroom. You can hear everything from the conversation of the tables just outside the door! Although I don't know if they can hear everything too or if that's just a one way thing. I've also heard people say it can get pretty loud whenever they have live music playing and it can spoil any chance of conversation up in the lounge.

Tip for 4th Spot: Right now your menu link on your website only goes to one page on your menu.I've been to the 4th Spot many times and it's definitely worth the wait. The service is great and the food is amazing. I do miss a few of the menu items that they recently removed with an update but I'm still more than satisfied by the excellent choices. My favorite is the meatloaf, it's amazing.This place was great and we had really excellent serivce. We did have to wait around twenty minutes and the line behind us kept getting longer! You could tell that this place was really popular. 

We tried the Statiion 7 burger with sweet potato fries (highly recommend the sweet potato fries!) as well as the homemade Mac and Cheese. Both dishes were excellent. The Mac and Cheese was to die for!

Really great atmosphere and I wanted to try everything on the menu. You have to try out 4th Spot!!I have loved everything I have eaten here. I am looking forward to trying everything on the menu some day. Very attentive and friendly waitress. I have never been more happy with my restaurant experience than both times I have been here. Well done!Great food, great menu specials, great atmosphere. We took our kids (4 yo and 19 mo) for an early supper. Mussels as an appetizer were fresh and tasty. I had the spaghetti and meatballs....mmmmmm!!!! kids were happy and liked their mac and cheese. Great local tap selection for beer!! We will be back weekly!!Food and menu are great but they play the "delay until they have 2 drinks" game to perfection. Not usually a problem until they soak you $11.00 for a glass of Chardonnay. We will search for other less expensive options in the future. With raised prices and crazy wine prices we will walk further.I live in Toronto now and I really really really miss my favorite go to spot in Calgary!!!  This is my favorite restaurant in Calgary!!  It was my husband and my go to restaurant!  We lived all the way in Woodbine and would drive all the way to the NW for this restaurant at least once a month and have never been disappointed!!!!  The prices were so reasonable and they had fantastic daily specials.  Living in Toronto now....this is what I am craving....their pizzas!!!!  They make one of the best pizzas in the city!  Greek style pizza and on Monday they have their pizza special.  I cannot find a pizzeria restaurant in Toronto that is even close.  I also miss the Maple Canuck burger with a side of French onion soup.  The soup is out of this world and such a good deal if you order it as a side.  Their wings, their stuff burger, their chocolate cake.  I am really craving food from there right now.  Just wish I wasn't so far away!!!Hands down, the best ribs I have ever had! (Better even than the Palomino.) Service was lacking, though the wait for our food wasn't long even though it was a busy Friday night. I'll definitely be back, the menu looks amazing and there's definitely a lot more I'd like to try!A neighbourhood classic.  Food is good, service is attentive, and atmosphere is welcoming.  We usually eat in the lounge or on the patio for a kid-free experience. Both are very comfortable and casual.  The restaurant has daily specials every night of the week.  Pizza night can get pretty busy - but is well worth the wait.The food and atmosphere was great and our server was fantastic!  Try their house made hot sauce. Yummy with a great kick. We will definitely be back. Gluten free selections are really great not to mention the knowledge the server had. She came back to tell us that the enchilada shells are deep fried in the same oil as other items so they wouldn't be 100% gluten free and not best for a Celiac. Love that she was thoughtful and knowledgeable enough to come back. Used the NoWait app and walked right in on a busy night ... highly recommend using it!Must try the Sweet Potato Fries! I went up to 4th Spot for two friends' birthday and will definitely go again. 

Although my friends' reservation for a party of 15 was lost (they have a room off the lounge for, if not privacy - since it is quite open to the rest of the lounge-, at least a bit more room and division from the rest of the crowd) the manager was able to get us seated in the lounge with a row of tables between the time first members of our party and the birthday gals showed up (Thumbs Up!). I do believe it was a technical error rather than their fault, and I'm sure the Birthday Shots on the house helped out a bit too. 

I had the Spa Club, but was not a fan. I'd definitely steer clear of their chicken if I were to go again since it was quite rubbery and tasteless. BUT their Sweet Potato Fries with Spicy Mayo are to die for! By the time I got through the Sweet Potato Fries, I could hardly care about the lack lustre sandwich anyway. But the rest of my party seemed to be enjoying the food and the pastas and pizza looked like a hit. 

At this point I'd give 4th Spot a 2-3 Star rating, but the atmosphere and service was great, so I'm forgiving the bad chicken. 4th Spot has a very relaxed mood and is spacious (we went on a Saturday ~7pm and the lounge was about 3/4 full, so nice if you don't wan't to wait). I'm not sure if it's because it wasn't too busy, but our meals came quickly even with our large party. Our waitress was wonderful and unfazed about dealing with a larger party. Also, she checked on us just enough to make sure we were topped up with drinks and had no problems with dinner, but didn't circle us like a hawk. 

I'll definitely go back for appies or dinner with friends, but I'll just avoid the chicken next time!We went for dinner here after drooling over the photos of everyone else's plates here on Yelp. Service was amazing and staff was informative about gluten free options. We had the inferno prawns (that sauce ) and the poutine. We never once reached for the salt; everything was seasoned well. Our main course choices of the Fish Tacos (gluten free) along with the Fried Chipotle Avocado Burger, were full of flavours. The char-broiled taste of the burger made it even better. We decided after the appetizers that we would be back again. By far one of the best meals and ambience I've ever experienced in Calgary. Job well done.Food looked awesome but was lacking flavour. I got the drums n mac but subbed the mac for fries. 
Drums were fried crispy and hot but the coating needed some salt and seasoning. The maple syrup was a nice touch but was the only flavour punch.  It came with an apple Cole slaw that had absolutely no flavour! There were other veggies, corn on the cob and asparagus, that were equally boring in taste. 
Odd thing is while my chicken was piping hot, my fries were merely room temperature. Prices are very high for the quality and quantity of food. Not sure if I'll be back or not, still on the fence with this place.This is a cute little neighbourhood pub that is full of energy. Nice dining area, bright and roomy. Lots of street parking! Menu is decent with a flair for their burgers and pizza. Limited gluten free options. None for burgers but some for pizza. Staff is very friendly and makes for a great dining experience.It's not often that I'd give a business five stars right off the bat, but I have not one issue with my first experience, which was last night with a group of friends.  It was recommended by a few people in our group who had been here before and really enjoyed it.  One of the girls raved about the yam fries.

The reno work is excellent and I think it's a super cozy, casual, high energy environment.  The place was busy and it was comfortably warm.  I usually notice these things because I'm often cold and many places have cold air blasting on you from a vent somewhere.  Being that winter has just struck, I was excited that the restaurant had good temperature regulation.  It might sound silly, but it's the little things, you know?  

Our server was friendly and attentive.  My spouse and I tried the calamari and dip, which was awesome.  Others at our table tried the poutine as an appetizer and the portion was huge.  For a main I tried the meatloaf and substituted the mashed potatoes for yam fries.  Both were delicious and again, the portions were massive.  The fresh vegetables were perfectly done for my taste.  Not overcooked, leaving a tiny bit of crunch.  I had enough leftovers for another meal.  Grasshopper was on special for $5.  Perfect.  Prices are very reasonable.  Our group sat there for three hours and not once were we asked about ordering more or pressured to leave.  An added bonus is that there's lots of free parking in the area.  

I'd recommend 4th Spot to anyone and am interested in going on a night when they have live entertainment in the lounge.  Yay for marvelous neighborhood restaurants!

19/30 for Yelp's 30 Day Challengeburger was barely done.  the soup was a redeemer.  nothing special about side salads,  was just a clump of romaine heart thrown at my salad.  potatoe salad was fine and tacos fine.  pizza is nothing spectacular.  the only thing that was a 5/5 was the cute factor of my waitress,  I was stunned to learn that she didnt receive 100% of my tip.   manager made excuses for it,  but fact is cooks should be compwnsated enough for them to hussle and make top quality food efficiently,  the tip is for the server who in essence represents the entire restaurant.  if 40% of wait staff tip is stolen, it will detract from wjat the customer sees as the restaurant -  their server.Went in for date night last night. Seated quickly and server was very attentive. Started with Bruschetta, which was unique. Small pieces of cheese toast that you could load up your own toppings. I had the mac and cheese, which was the cheesiest macaroni ever! Also had the perfect amount of sliced sausage baked inside.

One appetizer, two entrees, a glass of wine, and a pint of beer; all for about $65!Burger and beer Thursday was great. Clean and classy, food was delicious and good size portions. Service was pleasant and not pushy. I'll be back.If you don't mind a crowd and some noise, this is the place to be. The food is delicious with large proportions and I have not been disappointed by the service yet. 
There are deals every day of the week and a bar and patio to sit in as well. The maps of Calgary and street signs on the walls really give the restaurant a sense of community, and that they belong in the NW. 
The restaurant itself opened up after a well known, community favorite pizza place flooded in the 2000's. Rather than repair, the owner sold the property to 4th Spot, and they in turn bought the old family pizza recipe! They have their own pizzas, as well as the family classics from the old owners. 
My recommendations:
- The Chipotle Fried Avocado Burger. It is a massive burger with two halves of fried avocado on a well seasoned patty.
- The Cheesy Pickup Line Wings. Truly delicious, with your choice of dipping sauce. Fried cheese on my wings? Yes please.We moved into the area and always saw this placed was always packed. We went on a slower night and it was by far one of the best experiences we've had. Great food and friendly staff. We seem to also take friends to this location when we are near.Since my last review I've been here several times.  In 2 words THIS PLACE ROCKS - ok that was 3 but for a neighbourhood restaurant 4th Spot is truly incredible.  Everything we've ever eaten here is fabulous & flavourful.  We've been for pizza night on Monday's, dropped by on Tuesday to see live music & enjoy cheap pasta, delight in half price wings & 1/2 price bottles of wine on Wednesdays and of course made it in on Friday/Saturday to avoid cooking at home.  Which means I still need to explore Thursdays and Sundays LOL.

But what really stands out is the customer service received regularly and more specifically on a night we ordered takeout pizza.  We said we'd be in at a particular time to pick it up (4 pizzas) and it was not ready when hubs/daughter arrived...in fact they forgot about it. Without even blinking an eye my daughter was given an ice tea (her fav drink treat) and big slice of ice cream cake.  20 minutes later the pizzas were ready to go and much to our surprise given to us Free Of Charge!!!   Such incredible service, food, ambience and the wine glasses are fuller ;). 

It is also kid friendly!

This place is a gem and Bill the owner, incredible guy who cares about his customers!I love this place! Their weekly specials are amazing no matter what night you come. The food and drink is reasonably priced, they have great service and a sunny west facing patio. It gets busy every night for dinner so it's a good idea to come early, but there's usually room to sit at the bar and the wait is usually not too long. Their food is unique and creative but still has the elements of familiarity that you can enjoy. Heading there for the yyc poutine tonight! It's also the only place (besides their sister restaurant Spot On) that has a wine and wings deal on Wednesdays!We arrived at 9:30 on a Saturday and the place was pretty empty, so it was understandable that they were closing early. 
We ordered fries and the calamari, both tasted okay but we found the calamari dish quite small.
The service was great! Very attentive and happy.
Overall a very nice experience.I love the specials on Thursday especially but good everyday.  Pizzas are excellent and burgers are outstanding. Parking is a little difficult but okay. Service is excellent and all with reasonable pricing. If you haven't been then you're missing out.hidden Gem..........only been once......great meatballs, and mac n cheese! Good beer prices! Good atmosphere if you sit upstairs in the bar. Worth a visit to a quaint neighborhood......
out of the way kinda place with a nice crowd......Great pizza, cool lounge-like atmosphere. The burgers are also pretty fantastic. It's harts to go wrong here as far as the menu goes!Super friendly service, good food--the pulled pork pizza was absolutely delicious--and a cozy ambiance add up to an experience just about anyone can enjoy. Their French onion soup is humongous and topped with puff pastry. Great casual cozy atmosphere welcomes families with young children--it gets noisy and crowded on a Friday evening, and even though they don't take reservations, the wait is worth it. There's parking in a lot (some covered) and on the street.I went here with my boyfriend and 3 other friends. I decided to get something small (or at least I thought it was small) I ordered the pulled pork poutine listed as an 'intro' on the menu. The rest of the gang got most of their picks from the 'intro' selection as well. Once we got our food I was amazed to see that my pulled pork poutine didn't really look like an 'intro'. Once the plate landed in front of me I said: "Oh shit!" The plate was HUGE! And lets just call it what it is, an intro is an appetizer, not a meal.. and for reals, this was a freaking meal. This looked like it could have fed the five of us. It wasn't bad, it was just too much for something they consider to be 'intro'. The fries were pretty mediocre. I have to say, the pulled pork helped this meal A LOT! I kinda wished the waitress warned me how big this was. 

Then there was my boyfriends meals. My boyfriend was so disappointed with the shrimp inferno. He loves his shrimp and was disappointed to have bad sauce that came with the shrimp. It wasn't so much inferno, more like ocean sauce. I've tasted it.. it tasted like ocean water. 

The rest of the gang had no complaints about their picks off the menu.

I don't think I'd go here again. It's not because of my poutine (which I ended up finishing within the week) it's just not my cup of tea. I'm sure the rest of the menu selection is just as good (maybe not the shrimp inferno) It's just not a go to spot for me.I really, really enjoyed 4th spot. We had a great little party there, and having private rooms booked came incredibly handy!

Food was really good. Portion on a smallish side, but kitchen work was very decent! Drinks... well, I would say that choices were a bit limited if you go by glass - but that is pretty common overall. Bottle-wise, there was a lot to choose from...

Service was amazing, big thank you guys!! Very helpful and nice. I wish parking was as good, but alas, it was only on these tiny residential streets around - with lots of them requiring permit and already packed with cars.

I would definitely like to return though, place is worth it.Ate there on a Monday evening so it wasn't overly crowded. Clean and nicely decorated.  First time to Calgary so we weren't familiar with the local brews. The waitress gave us samplers ... very good beers. I had the salmon "comfort  food" and my buddy had the fish tacos. It was good but did not pull us back for another night. The salmon was over done (as it is at most places) and they didn't have their apple slaw so they gave me some corn mixture (in addition to corn on the cob). It had a nice flavor,  good spice, but was a bit OD on corn.The food was great and the staff were all super friendly. My only complaint is that they don't have a kids menu. But I'd still go back again and again. I've recommended 4th spot to a few friends and they were quite happy with it too.First experience here. Wasnt bad- but not blown away. $5 individual happy hour pizzas were decent. Chicken bites were good. Kettle chip nachoes looked really good but were dry and not very good. Almost like they had been sitting out for awhile. Overall not bad- would try again.The French onion soup was one of the best I've ever had. The giant pastry on top makes it even better. Had the stampeder dip, best ever. Can't get any better.I have had mixed experiences at this place. sometimes the food and service are impeccable, and some other times you hate yourself for wasting your time and money there only to be treated so poorly.
If the service was consistent, I would definitely give them a 4 stars!
Next visit will help us decide!

Having said that, they have a Fantastic Burger that's reason enough to go back.All I had was the calamari and a beer, but the service was friendly and the appetizer was great. Will be coming back to try some of the fantastic unique pizza combinations they have.Pedestrian food, slightly overpriced but good service and ambience. Beware the short ribs. Had them twice and found them ghastly.I love how this pub has a special going on essentially every night. Pasta Tuesdays are wicked!! Delicious pasta, HUGE portions for $11. I recommend The Everything But The Kitchen Sink pasta. Mac and cheese and stuffed pasta were also pretty good. 
Wing and Wine Wednesdays is a pretty sweet deal. The wings aren't phenomenal, but like I said, It's a sweet deal with the wine. If you like spicy, go straight for the tough guy, and skip the red mile. 

Really nice, clean pub with a good crowd. Excellent service!  It's an awesome pub. 

Can't wait to try Pizza Mondays.I had the perogy pizza, it was surprisingly good, I have nothing negative to say about the food, however the service was pretty sub par, the waitress was pretty unhelpful and not all that friendly. And as there is no reservation system, you might be waiting for a while.Literally the best French onion soup I have ever had. I was home for Christmas and went back twice for it. Sooo good. I dream of it....I'm not joking!

Their pizza is really great too!!I've been frequenting 4th Spot since they opened last year and all I can say is these guys know what it takes.  This place in a word is, Phenomenal!

4th Spot has a great atmosphere for a relaxing few drinks/dinner out.
Not a high energy spot.  Modern, classy and clean is how I would describe this place.  And between the small parking lot out back and the available street parking, I don't usually have a hard time finding a place to put the wheels.

The menu has a great mix of items for all tastes and the quality of the food is consistent every time I go.  Portions are quite large and the prices are fair.

This place probably has one of the best (if not THE best) burgers in town.
Highly recommend the Maple Canuck Burger for first timers looking for a good pub burger (if beef isn't your thing, try the Stuffed Club).
And as many reviewers have already pointed out, the poutine is out of this world!

If you're looking for something a little on the lighter side try the One Love Tacos.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them!

I usually sit upstairs in the lounge area and the service there is fast and friendly every single time.

Which brings me to my one complaint.
The service in the lower dining area is perpetually terrible.  Slow and not overly friendly just about every time.
And unfortunately I have recommended 4th Spot a few times to friends who ended up sitting down there and said they'd never go back for that reason.

This didn't change my rating though, as I find the lounge a more comfortable place to sit since there are no small children allowed up there (sorry parents, I just prefer to be surrounded by adults when I go to a pub).This has become our go-to spot, especially for happy hour. The deals for happy hour are amazing - $4 for delicious chicken bites, personal pizza, nachos and more! My husband and I were lucky to (coincidentally) make it there for happy hour, which ends at 5, and we ordered the nachos, maple chicken bites, pizza, and the juicy Lucy burger with the French onion soup as a side. My husband also had 2 virgin Caesars. We got all this for $42! Obviously we had A LOT of leftovers to take with us when we were too full to eat any more! Everything was so tasty and the burger was probably one of the best I've ever had. If you haven't seen pictures of the French onion soup, check them out and trust me - it lives up to the hype! The nachos were totally not what we were expecting but were so tasty! Instead of nacho chips they were potato chips. Yum! We loved everything so much that we came back later in the week with our son, as the restaurant is kid friendly. We came on a Tuesday, which happened to be pasta Tuesday. I got the spaghetti carbonara and my husband had the mac and cheese. Both were amazing. I could go on and on about this place, but you'd be better off to stop reading and just go try it for yourself!Got to this place and it was busy so I checked in and gave them my number so they could text me when it was ready. Waited 45 minutes, came back in, the place had died down significantly and there girl at the door was like we text you 30 minutes ago..... nope, sorry, you didn't. No big deal let's keep moving. Got seated at a wonderful spot upstairs next to a roof leak (big piece of ceiling tile down and water leaking in. Oh by the way our bathroom is flooding as well... wait what? Stuck around long enough to have food, even tho our waitress was super inattentive. It was delicious and there only saving grace. Good food, poor service and overall bad experience. I'd save your money. Pretty pricey, would have been happy to pay it for the food but not with all the other nonsense.The only bad thing I can say about this place is that there are so many amazing options on the menu that it's really hard to decide.  Also, it's a busy place, so I've had to wait as long as 15 minutes before - not bad at all.

Everything I've tried here has been really, really good.  Burgers, tacos, steak sandwich, all awesome.  The homemade hot sauce is good enough to steal a bottle (I haven't.... yet).  They have a fairly extensive beer list, and the sides are interesting and delicious.  I've had good service every time I've visited - not stellar service, but good.  

One unique experience I had here was two weeks ago, as we were finishing our meals, and the entire lounge area filled up with the unmistakable smell of pot. I looked around (as did all the other customers) to see who was passing a joint around.  I guess someone was relaxing at the end of their shift just outside (or inside?) the back door, and the wind blew the stench right into the lounge?  The whole incident brought an otherwise 5 star experience down to 4 stars, but hey, maybe some people like second hand weed smoke?Loved this local gem. Friendly service and great food. I had the Elvis burger and it was fantastic. Thick juicy burger topped with a fried egg. Heaven.Ok, this place is very, very good! I've been here twice now, and we ordered a variety of things, from bison burgers, to pulled pork sandwiches and BLTs. It is ALL good. 

One of the things I notice is most places don't do French Onion Soup very well. Usually most places make it overly salty and you taste salt more than onions. The French Onion Soup here is delicious. They bake a cheese biscuit right on top of it, and it comes out scalding hot. You can taste the onions and broth, which is the way it should be. Sides such as sweet potato fries, and soup of the days have been fantastic and never disappointed me. Service has always been excellent and friendly. 

The atmosphere is pub fare, so don't expect fine dining, but for supposedly "pub food" this is by far one of the best I've been to.

Street parking is plentiful in this area but I'm guessing it's more because not many people know how great this place is. I can't honestly think of anything that would make me take a star off, so this place is easily deserving of its perfect score.I love, LOVE this place. Great good, casual atmosphere, reasonable price. I live near here and it's a nice treat when I don't feel like cooking. 

Their burgers are awesome, as are their tacos... And their wings... And well, pretty much everything else I've ever had here. 

The one downside is that it is ALWAYS busy here. I've had to leave a few times because the wait for tables was too long. 

Definitely worth checking out... And on Tuesdays they have live music too!Great food. Good mix of restaurant and bar. Good place to come with friends or family. Pizza is excellent.Visited on a Monday night and was surprised to find how busy the place was. They told us it would be a 20min walk and took down our name and number so that they could text us. If you plan to visit, know that this restaurant is on the No Wait App so you can put your name down in advance to save you some time if there is a wait. 

Hostess and servers were competent, but everyone was literally running around everywhere. Our server notified us that certain items would take longer to make, which we appreciated. I think they seemed understaffed, which obviously happens, but hopefully this was an off time and is not always the case. The only time our server kind of took the time to talk to us was when she tried to talk us up for a tip while we were paying lol. 

We were seated in the lounge near the bar which I would not recommend if you want to be able to hear whoever you are having dinner with.. It was way too loud! I could barely hear myself think. There were some people at the table next to us and a few individuals who were clearly way too drunk but the servers continued to take drink orders. I would just avoid the lounge area to not have to deal with this next time. 

We had the stuffed burger and the mac n cheese. The burger was great but when they asked me if I wanted chips with my burger, I was expecting fries chips, not.. Actual potato like lays chips. Maybe it was dumb of me to assume but now ya'll know. 

The mac n cheese was good, but nothing to write home about. I think the dish would look a lot more "restaurant-like" and a step on from KD's if they used better macaroni and not the plain ones that look like KDs.

They have specials every day so I would be interested in checking this place out for some of those. I would also like to sit in the dining area next time to avoid drunk people walking into my chair every 5 minutes. 

Overall, I think this place is a 3.5 with it's overall service, atmosphere, and food. It's a friendly neighbourhood pub with decent food so you can't complain, but I would not drive across the city to eat here.Good pizza. Good vibe. Good pizza night specials. Great playlist. Will return for sure.These SPOT it's the best place with an excellent service, onion soup it's my best and the better part we live just on the corner to home , lovedMy parents wanted me to check out this place for a while so we headed here tonight for dinner. Inside is a very updated interior with dark mood lit walls. 

The menu was excellent, there were choices like Poutine on the appetizers.

Salad choices offered a variety as well as pasta dishes, sandwiches, meatloaf, burgers, pizzas and features each night. Tuesday is apparently Pasta night and you can get half price pasta on all the regular dishes. One night is Big Rock night, Friday, and you get a deal on beer that night too.

I had the Steakout sandwich and the 6 oz of sirloin was amazingly tender, it has been a really long time since I had a steak from Alberta and it was so good. I had the choice to have fries or salad etc and chose the Caesar, it had small bits of bacon so for the veggies out there make sure you hold the bacon ;)

Some of the other choices eaten at our table were excellent burger and a pasta dish that arrived with lots of tomatoes and various vegetables, the presentation on the all dishes was excellent. The burger came with lots of fries and a side of gravy and the burger was huge.

Steak sandwich with the side salad is a filling but some might feel light dish as they don't do all that garnish type stuff on the plate. It was perfect for me, but some folks if they are really hungry might have felt the side of fries was a better choice.

When you pay they also have wireless Debit machines ;) Love these modern options (rarely do you see this in the city I live unless you are at an open air market)I live just up the street and have been here many times. Sometimes just for drinks but most often for pizza, nachos and wings. I had there burger last night and it was very tasty.Great Place! 

I have been a fan of this place since I stumbled upon them about a year ago. They have excellent food which has not declined in quality which most pubs/restaurants do after they open. 

Pros:
- great pub food 
- menu additives and reductions are appropriate and nice to try 
- daily specials on drinks and food worth while and no skimping because its on special

bad: 
- can be a little slow on service but its usually busy and can be forgivenI cannot say enough good things about 4th spot. I live in the area and my husband and I frequent 4th spot a lot. I have loved everything I have tried here, but my favorite is the burgers. They taste so fresh and the toppings are fantastic! Also love their tacos and the house salad! Great little spot,which is why it can be hard to get in during peak hours.My friend took me here yesterday for a post drinking recovery meal and I am glad I went.

The place I gather is fairly new and shows on the inside , great decor , great atmosphere and a west facing patio for tons of sunshine during lunch and dinner service.

I ordered the regular burger with cheese and bacon with a beer  ( they have daily 5$ pint specials ) The burger came out in a reasonable amount of time ; about 20min. 
Presentation was nice , the burger came on a square bun with a pickle on top skewered by a steak knife and the fries in a basket.  The burger it's self was delicious; a home made patty that was beautifully seasoned and moist. The bun was fresh and delicious and put together with the fillings made for one of the best burgers that i've had in reccent memory. The fries werent by any measure exceptional but I have no complaints - just fries. 

Price is on the higher side unfortunately.This is my favourite place that I drag friends to when I know we want a great meal and we are nearby. I am such a fan of the pizza and I've never had a disappointing meal. Always busy, but it's a great somewhat-hidden gem.I've only tried their burgers but man are they good. 

The poutine is amazing. 

Our server, Amanda, was a gem! Knows her beer. Love her!Good food and great daily specials!  

Food has been good  everytime I eat there. They have daily specials and is really good value.   A lot of local microbrews on tap, lots and new brews to try.  

It's a small location, but I like that adds to the character of place

Highly Recommend it!If you are looking for amazing food and great service in the NW like we were, this is the place!
We came in before the rush around 3pm. Perfect, not too busy. We took a seat on the upper level.
The menu is varied and there is something for everyone here. The food does take awhile to come out but it is worth the wait!
There are quite a few beer on tap and also bottles. I do not even drink beer but I enjoyed an Apricot Wheat Ale just because it sounded so good. OMG, I left this restaurant so full after that beer and the food!
Hubby had a maple whiskey burger that came recommended and he opted for it as the patties are homemade here. (very few items are apparently made from frozen which makes my heart sing!) The burger was very good. I tried it and my only neutral comment would be that I did not taste any whiskey nor maple. Still, a huge sandwich with yummy bacon, ketchup on the side and you can opt for poutine that comes as a side for $2.49 more. Worth it. Yay for Quebec cheese curds!
I normally would go for thin crust pizza but I wanted to try the original dough from the 60's when this recipe was born and I was not disappointed! I got the loaded veg to try and save on SOME calories and wow! Very good - the crust was so buttery and not too thick at all, not doughy one bit. I would get it again.
We wanted to start with the mussels but they were out of those. :(  Next time!
After 4pm, the pizzas are 1/2 off on Mondays and then Wed nights are half off bottles of wine. If you cannot finish it, they will cork it and you can bring it home!
Tues nights from 7-10pm, local one man bands are hired to come and play in the upper lounge for some variety.
The atmosphere was good, the place was clean and we enjoyed the alternative rock that was playing.
All in all, a great afternoon that did not break the bank and we will return!Alberta steak? Don't mind if I do!! Steakout sandwhiche, 6oz AAA beef was a tender choice.Love their French onion soupBurgers here are LEGITLive music Tues ! :) and cheap pasta night :)Can't get enough of this place. 
Also try the French onion soup. To die for!Get the French onion soup!Special today... Order one of the six burgers and get a free pint!We're back for French onion soup and burgersNo parking! If you turn right on the street right after 4th spot.. It's permit onlyWe love Wing Wednesdays!Here for April's Birthday!  The food portions are very large and tasty!We're regulars for a reason! Yum.Having the everything but the kitchen sink penne and a glass of wine!Try the Elvis burger!If you can put up with inattentive/inexperienced servers you will enjoy the food and the patio. Even have GF pizza and beer!Food was very good. Unfortunately my body did not think so. Party of 4. 3 of us had poutine. Same 3 went straight to the washroom for 30 min afterward.They really need a reservation system... 30 min to an hr wait is not worth it...Love this spot! All about the community, love staying local!Don't come at lunch! 40 minutes for our salads which were basically two big bowls of lettuce - $18!! My sister says dinner is awesome, but I won't try it :(Great ambience but some part of our meal is always mis-executed...still a great spot for the neighbourhood.We came back and brought some friends with us...I ordered the Matador Steak Salad...i recommend sharing this devine salad...way to big to eat on your own!  My husband ordered the Jamaican Jerk fish tacos and they were fantastic...service was friendly, fast and great!  We will be backGreat food. Great service. Highly recommend trying this place outGreat ambiance and amazing food!  Service was fantastic and quick...we will be back!Decent food, 1 star. Good ambience, 1 star. Brutal service, -3 stars.Awesome service and variety of dishes...Burgers on special Thursdays. Great deal and excellent burgers!The coffee here is fantastic!!! I hosted a 30 person event here, and there was plenty of room. They were fast and attentive, their lunch was delicious and upper scale. We had some last minute vegan orders which Chef quickly prepared to their delicious satisfaction. They quickly and discreetly took drink orders and refills. Everything was ready on time. 

I am certified with the Beer Judge Certification Program, and the beers I tasted here were to style (aroma, body, mouthfeel, and overall), and they were delicious. I can see why this is a favorite hangout for locals.

I highly recommend hosting events here - they can seat 80 people.Really love this out of the way brewpub experience! Chili is fantasmic and the beer is chilled and delicious. This is a great low-key environment for any event; date, lunch, late-night, foodies, etc. 

Wraspberry is my fave summer beer and this place has to be my favorite place to drink it. I really like the casual atmosphere and the fact that this place is very out of the way, you're not going to stumble upon it so every one there is there for a reason: yummy hand-crafted food, brew tours, or the beer itself. 

Not sure how a place like this was born in the area and managed to survive, but if more brewpubs start popping up in the industrial areas of Edmonton (my current locale) and are as tasty and affordable as this one, I'd def turn up!Great food, great beer, and great service. It was my first time there with my wife, so we each ordered a flight so we could try multiple types of their beer; and I think that's the way to go. The food was fantastic - I ordered the flatbread pizza with mango and spicy chicken and I would recommend it to anyone! Definitely worth a stop if you're in town!My first visit to the Wild Rose although I have enjoyed their brews for years. I took my lovely Miss for a pint and a bite. Velvet Fog was her instant favorite. I enjoyed one as well as the IPA. Shared the Brewer's Lunch. The bread, meat and potato salad were excellent.This was a perfect share for us. The other meals leaving the kitchen looked amazing as well. 

The location of the building on the barracks grounds coupled with the walk from the parking lot to the door along the dirt path felt like walking onto the MASH set. Upon entering the quonset, the nostalgic feeling carried on.

Friendly greeting and being helped to a seat where two fellas kindly shared their table was really cool. The atmosphere was nice with lots of noisy chatter. The small room was at capacity. 

Not sure if WR is like this all the time, but it is a place to enjoy a beer and rub elbows with other fine Calgarians.My absolute, 100% favourite thing to do within city limits in the summer is to take a spin around the farmer's market and then settle down in front of the Wild Rose Brewery for the afternoon. Great beer, warm sun, and lovely location in Currie Barracks... Yeah, I'm pretty sure there is nothing better. Any food can be gotten in the market, and there is a good crowd that likes to hang out in front.

Of course, the sheer quality of the beer helps. The seasonal brews tend to be interesting and nuanced, but their normal brews: Wraspberry, Velvet Fog, and Wred Wheat Ale are probably the most prolific (and all of them delicious). Wild Rose reflects so, so well on Canadian beer making techniques, proving once and for all that we are one of the best beer countries in the world.

I think it should be a requirement for all Calgarians to at least visit the brewery, but there is nothing like a cold, expertly crafted microbrew to throw a summer day to the next level. Go Calgary for sweet, sweet microbreweries.The beer was cold just like our server!we ordered the chicken wrap . It came without chicken so when we ask the server about it, she went too the kitchen and brought back brought a plate of cold chicken . I guess so we could make our own wrap. The wrap was dry and no source and I think there was supposed to have bacon but nope.  There was not a sorry or anything! I had too ask for the wrap too be taken off my bill. I would not  eat there ever againThe Wild Rose brewery makes great beer and great food. I'm a huge fan of the Wraspberry ale, which is perfect for the summer. All of the food on the menu is full of flavour and very reasonably priced. It's a shame that the Calgary Farmers Market is no longer near, but it is still worth going to the Wild Rose brewery for a trip of it's own. The patio is also a nice touch for enjoying your beer and food for summer.I visited the taproom last night. We all got flights, my husband didn't love all his beers but I really liked mine, and so did our friend. We were going to stay for dinner but there are signs disallowing minors after 7p, and we had our 14mo daughter with us. I don't begrudge them that policy, I personally feel as though kids should be out of breweries by 7 but we were killing time before a red eye flight so had to have her with us. The sign says no exceptions but we left just before 7 so I don't know how much it's enforced. It's a nice place to spend some time in good weather.Great atmosphere. Great service. Great beer. And great food. The perfect place to enjoy beers with your friends. 

Nice spot to get away from the overloaded bars in downtown Calgary. I went on a Friday night, and I had no troubles getting a table. Try sitting at Craft on weekend evening.This place is fun!

It looks like a barn and almost feels as one, but service is very friendly and useful, portions are huge, menu is interesting (I mean - not common), and obviously there was plenty of beer to taste.

I was brought there by some local friends and totally enjoyed the experience. Nice place, worth returning, just don't expect it to be some sort of "restaurant" or such - it is a brewery, and a darned good one! :-)I've never had service like they provide at Wild rose brewery....it's unreal how attentive, efficient and awesome the staff are. A group of us went for some grub and beer, and at no point in time were any of our glasses/pints empty before a server came to ask how we were doing. 

Velvet fog and Barracks brown are my favorite. 
The Montreal smoked meat flat bread is tasty!!

Kind of in a random place, but definitely worth checking out.Wild Rose Brewery, how do I love thee? I'd try to the count the ways, but I'm afraid I won't ever be able to stop. From your tap room to your tours to your staff who are so obviously passionate about your product, if I'm not heading out there for a pint, you can rest assured that there's some Wraspberry, Velvet Fog or Alberta Crude in my fridge to tide me over until my next visit.

Faves in your tap room:
Pink Velvet - it's half Wraspberry and half Velvet Fog.
The Best Wurst - how can you go wrong with a plate full of sausage, beans, sauerkraut and cabbage? I have a hard time finishing this one.
Meaty chili - wow! The first time I tried this I couldn't quite understand why there was a chili pepper on top... until I took my first bite. It's got some kick, and it's one of my faves.

What is the best occasion for Calgarians to visit your tap room? Why, every occasion! I've been here for birthday parties, group dinners, lunch with friends, meetups with yelpers, post frisbee drinks, brewery tours etc. It's amazing food, drink and atmosphere with better-than-reasonable pricing.

Heck, I've even taken a couple of your party pigs houseboating. They're fit just perfectly into those little fridges :). Whatever your magic sauce is, keep doing it! Cuz it's got me coming back for more.The must-do stop in Calgary, Alberta. Draft beers brewed on the spot, lots of bbq lunch choices. The ribs are top-notch, but you really must go for the Brown Ale Meat Pies with beef, gravy, veggies. I haven't had meat pies in years because I was never a fan, but I am now because of "Wild Rose." I enjoyed the Wred Wheat Beer with a shade of burgundy tint, but I loved my second beer even more, the Velvet Fog -- I don't know how, but that's the perfect name for it. Smooth like velvet, has some kind of foggy, misty and sudsy finish that is just an incredible original. Last, I love the wide open factory feel that lets a lot of cool breeze in. Outdoor seating, too.After a long day of travel my friend took us to the Wild Rose Tap House for beers and food. I am usually the guy that doesn't like "different " beers and usually stick to my go to favorites but I was forced out of my comfort zone here. I went with the Wraspberry Ale and it was outstanding! a slight fruit taste made for easy drinking. Next up was my food choice. My friend ranted over their pull bison but I just wasn't feeling it, I wanted to be more adventurous. I had the wild Vietnamese sub with bison. It was GREAT! , the right mixture of bread, bison, sauce and fresh garnishments. My friend had me try her pulled bison on a pretzel bun and I had her try my sub...needles to say she now has a new favorite on the menu. I was eyeing the fresh peach cobbler for desert but was too full. We might just need to stop back. Servers and bartender were very helpful and let you sample any beer you desired, cooks were jamming in the kitchen to familiar tunes signing along. I think we practically closed the place down. #bisoniswhatisfordinnerWe buy kegs of beer from here for our stampede parties as well as those little piggies for use at the office. 

I like the beer and the pricing is good but actually sitting in the brewery for drinks is loud and packed. In the summer you eat dirt from the highway. 

The food isn't good at all and there isn't much vegetarian to choose from - but that's what you usually get in YYC. 

I'll stick to big purcahses from here....or a quick beer posssibly. Not a place I would hang out at regularly or for much time.You cannot go wrong with drinking any Wildrose product and their Brewery itself is a treat. Nestled away in the Currie Barracks, where this is basically the only thing left other than defunct military housing, you will find the source of Wildrose power inside an airplane hanger.

My favourite part about actually visiting the brewery, is their food! This kitchen is boss and they don't have a deep fryer, so everything you get here is ovenbaked or stove top cooked. It is also neat to see how they utilize their own brews in the cooking process.
It's also a big bonus cause WR Wred Wheat is my favourite beer and to find it on tap in this city is ridiculous. So come, drink your WR favourites, enjoy the food, go on a tour, pick up a party pig (they name each one individually) and relax in this cozy beer haven.still a big fan of the velvet Fog, great local breweryI was quite impressed with this place, I'd heard a lot of good things about it but never ventured in. As an Albertan I'm always happy to check out local breweries, and I've had Wile Rose beer before and boy is it tasty! 

Trying to find this place if you've never been is a bit tricky... it kind of feels like it's in the middle of no where but it's definitely worth it once you find it. 

We came on a Saturday afternoon and it was packed, we were lucky to find a table! They had a lovely assortment of beers on tap including a couple I'd never heard of before (cherry porter). We sat down and order some beers and lunch and had a great time. 

The food was delicious, the atmosphere was fun and the beer was good... need I say more? I'll be back for sure!I've come to pick up kegs from here in the past and wanted to try their food because it seemed like a very popular spot. So the other week I made my way out for a couple beers and dinner. I had the sausage with apple and onions as well as the curry slaw. My boyfriend had the mac and cheese. Both were amazing, even the mac, which I don't usually care for at restaurants, was some of the best I've had. The portions were just the right size, I didn't feel wasteful by leaving half my meal, but I was satisfied.
My  only complaint is the seating is not very comfortable. I would probably not stay here longer than it takes to eat and have a beer because its so bright with the sun shining in and the chairs are hard. Plus we were packed at 1 table with strangers. I prefer darker places with comfortable booths if I'm going to be staying late.the food is alright, limited choice, but then it's not really about the chow here is it?, but the beer, well that's what I'm talkin'  about baby!! I love the fact that you can buy a pig of beer too and take it home!! SO awesome!! if the food was a little better it'd be a five star pubYou know how I feel about Wild Rose Brewery? Proud. 

Now, I haven't done anything to deserve this pride. It's not my business. I don't even know the owners or any of the people who work there. I'm just your average customer. But I like their beer so much that I actually feel pride when I tell people they're from Calgary. Wild Rose Brewery, it impresses me how much you impress me.

When it comes down to it, this is the company that sparked my own personal beer revolution, empowering me to toss off the shackles of big brand beer and explore the endless craft beer universe and I've never looked back. Ever.

S.O.B. - You sunnuva bitter, so special and old. Smooth, delicious, and mellow enough to have at your side as a party companion for those all night sessions.

Velvet Fog - You know, I honestly think if it wasn't for the name, this could be the most popular everyday beer in the city. It's flavourful, refreshing and would have huge mass appeal. While yeah, it's "velvet" smooth I think it gets perceived as girly... it's not! Fellas. Drink this beer! Call it a "Fog" if it makes you feel better. It makes me feel better... Actually, Wild Rose, can we please just call this a "Fog"? Us Alberta boys can get a little insecure about these things...

I.P.A - Industrial Park Ale before I even knew what an India Pale Ale was. So you want to get into the hoppy world of IPA's? Wild Rose is a great place to start. It's got enough of a  great hop-kick to the face to be a real IPA (the Keith's your drinking is a lie!), but is still mostly approachable by many novice beer drinkers. It's inviting, and will open your eyes. If it's a bit much for you, order a pretzel to go with it. The pretzel grease helps take the hop edge off. Seriously.

WRed Wheat - ...meh...  I don't really drink this one, actually. *shrug* You can't win 'em all. :)

WRaspberry - A very berry flavoured summertime classic. Have a significant other who doesn't like beer? Here's your real raspberry getaway vehicle from those horrid alco-pops.

Brown Ale - Nutty, chocolatey, and one of my preferred fall beers.

Alberta Crude - as the weather gets colder, my beer preference get darker. In the deepest depth of winter the toasty malts of this oatmeal stout keep me warm inside.

Ooh ooh! Are you ready for this? I AM!

Cherry Porter - The Wild Rose winter seasonal... Ok. THIS is why you need to drop what you're doing right now and get down to the brewery! The fruit flavour isn't light like it is in the WRaspberry. Ohhh no. Think deeeeep cherry, like stewed cherries mixed with dark chocolate. THAT is the Wild Rose Cherry Porter.

Now that we've covered that, let's move on to the food, shall we?

The Food - Yah, it's good.

The Place - I love taking people from out of town here, because I'm proud of it, yes, but also because just as they are convinced I've taken a wrong turn we roll up at the old airplane hangar at the Currie Barracks. I love how the brewery is always a destination visit and you can't just stumble in. I don't like how you can't just stumble home. Someone always has to behave themselves. *sigh.

Seriously though, the food is really well thought out and totally delicious. I've just written enough for one evening. Go see for yourself.It's fun because of what it used to be. Now it's all new staff, new menu, different beers brewed elsewhere. But strangely the regulars are consistent. This is why I continue to appear here.What a spot!

The girlfriend and I came here after a quick 9 holes of golf at richmond green.
We grabbed a seat on the patio and the server provided us an umbrella as it was super sunny.

We had some grizzly paw soda (we both weren't drinking that day) - black cherry and ginger beer (epic sodas!) and then added the nachos (huge portion), plus pulled BISON.  They didn't skimp on the sour cream or salsa and even had reasonably sized to-go containers.  

They were $22 nacho's all-in, but they were worth it.  I will be back to sample other food options!Considering how many reviews there are for this place, I feel like a big loser for not having been here prior to this afternoon to enjoy food and beverages.  There were only two empty tables when I walked in, so clearly a Sunday afternoon doesn't slow them down.  

I had my favorite, the WRaspberry Ale, which was brought out in an unexpectedly gigantic glass.  Wow, they don't mess around here.  I sampled a few starters, being the chips and three dips (I couldn't get enough of the chilled jalapeno cheddar dip or the brown beans), hummus & naan and the pretzel with slap you in the face dijon mustard.  Also, something happy occurred while I was there as well because someone rang a big bell behind the bar and then before I knew it, the house was buying a round for everyone.  Woo hoo!  I then tried the Cherry Porter, which was quite delicious and thankfully in a much smaller glass because I thought I was going to explode.  I had a very full belly at this point.

The servers were casual and friendly and it was a very comfortable atmosphere.  It might be out of the way, but Wild Rose is worth the drive.We are regulars for the past couple years.  I love the fact that there are no TV's.  You can actually talk here.  There are big tables so you can meet interesting new people.  Food is wholesome and service (especially Geoffe) is prompt and courteous.  You have to go and visit just to see the lighting and the wall chart, "Perodic Table of Beer".
Oh yes, another surprise, go often and become their "friend"!Menu is straight out of the 90's pretty boring even for pub style food, and it wasn't really even that good either. Wouldn't recommend eating here, maybe just a beer.Impromptu Sunday afternoon visit with friends to Wild Rose included a fantastic hot spinach dip, a coconut curry prawn bowl and white lagers! The DJ spinning vinyl had my friends and I singing along and playing name this tune.I've not been a fan of the typical microbrewery gastropub experience, wherein food quality and value often take a back seat to the beer and to the maintenance of a faux-casual urban chic vibe (a vibe generally reflected in menu pricing).  WRB, however, is an exception to this in many ways.

First, the ambiance is fully unpretentious,  This converted army barrack is about two-thirds brew plant and one-third taproom, and the latter is unassumingly adorned with beer bottles and related paraphernalia (the way a dorm room might be decorated, I suppose, though that comparison really doesn't do this place justice...).

I won't pretend to be a beer aficionado, but I've had four of the WRB brews (Wraspberry, Wred Wheat, Brown Ale, and Velvet Fog), and have enjoyed them all enough to appreciate the hype about this local brewery.  That's pretty much all I can say about the beer itself, and I likewise can't say too much about the food (since I haven't had a full meal here yet), other than that the three appetizers we shared were far better than I'd expected them to be, that the menu appeared extensive and well thought out, and that this appears to be a popular place to dine.

For me, the kicker at WRB is the tour of the brew plant.  I had done a few such tours prior to the one here, but I can say that, for whatever reason, this was the first time I fully grasped the brewing process in a way that left me with a greatly enhanced appreciation for what beer is and how it should be experienced.

(One interesting aspect about the tour - about which I feel ambivalent - was the way that our guide, though a series of rants, played out a battle between the humble, well-meaning typical microbrewery and the malevolent large-scale industrial beer manufacturing powers, accusing the latter of various forms of unsavory and deceptive manufacturing and marketing practices.  While this was entertaining, and perhaps educational to a point, it left me curious to learn more and hear the other side of the story...)Quite possibly one of the best breweries this side of the rockies, the Wild Rose tap house also has fantastic staff and great food. Make sure to get in for the special cask each Friday at 4 pm. Or stop by any time to enjoy the fantastic seasonal brews.Having called Calgary home for 4 years now, I've never been to the Wild Rose Brewery. Though I've always been a fan of their beer, WRB is one of those establishments I was secretly avoiding. The reason being everyone I know has had a great experience here and I was concerned that it wouldn't live up to the hype. I'm happy to report, its reputation is warranted.

We did take the tour and it was very educational. The host certainly seemed to know his stuff and indeed one does get a better appreciation and understanding of the process behind Wild Rose products. It also came with a half pint of beer and WR glass which was a nice keepsake. The tour cost $12 + tax and I think it was well worth it. If anything it was a neat way to kill 45 minutes.

I really enjoy the atmosphere. Though it's novel to see worldly beer bottles lining the tops of the walls acting almost as badges of brewing conquest and fun to watch the darts battles in the corner, I just feel at peace here especially after a  long day. Friends getting together in a pub where one can actually have a conversation in a sunlit atmosphere, delicious yet reasonably priced food and challenging your taste buds to try a WR beer you've never tried before. What more could one ask for?As far as ambiance and atmosphere go, this is probably one of the best pubs in Calgary: it is a unique location, with a unique look (umm, yeah it's a brewery in a BARN) and an uncommon menu. I am pretty sure I had a burger with some interesting things in it: off the top of my head, I can only recall that it was filling and satisfactory. We went on a lovely summer evening, near sunset, and I felt very content with the world. I am waiting for summer to arrive so I can go again!I had the pleasure today of taking part in a brewery tour, and I must say I was extremely impressed!  VERY impressed!

In November, I had a tour of another brewery outside of Calgary. and I will say that it did not have the same "heart" and "passion" about its product that I saw at the Wild Rose Brewery.  Forgive me of not mentioning the name of the competitor tour.  I'm not looking to bash the competition on the competitor's yelp page.  :)

What is clear to me is that Wild Rose Brewery has a great product with a lot of heart.  Many of the technical details were lost on me, but some of the details that did stand out are as follows:

1.  They are socially responsible.  Our tour guide explained how they have a relationship with a local farmer and they give their grain bi-products, still full of nutrients, to the farmers as feed, at no charge.  Its a win- win.  The product is still full of nutrients, so it is still useable and the responsible thing to do.  The animals eat it and the farmers benefit from the donation.  Also, it saves wild rose the cost and the additional process of disposing of this grain.  Those types of win-wins make my heart sing.

2.  Again, technical details are lost on me, but our tour guide was explaining the process of moving the beer from one big copper vat to another at different stages of brewing.  What stood out for me, was that he explained that the hot water that is used to heat the beer in one vat, is transferred to the the other vat when completed to use again, because it takes less energy to keep hot water hot, than to heat cold water in the second process.  One of our tour members asked if they did it to save money.  The answer was no, because they pay a flat rate regardless, so the cost to Wild Rose Brewery is the same.  In other words... they do it, because its the RIGHT thing to do.  Again... tingles of happiness.

Due to time constraints this evening, I did not have a chance to sample the menu, but I certainly will be back, with friends to do so.  Wendy P., fellow yelper, and our Community Manager for Yelp made a number of recommendations that I am looking forward to going back to try another time.  

I`m a huge fan of lining up to support a company with so much heart.   I look forward to going back.We order party pigs from them every year at least at Christmas. The deposit is expensive but it makes sense. We still have our party pig and its been almost a year. As long as you bring it back in good shape you can either get your deposit back or trade for a new party pig and just pay for the beer. 

When picking a beer for your get together the staff are knowledgeable and will let you try them first. The velvet fog is a popular pick and seems to please the masses. You don't get much better than fresh brewed beer in your own mini kegs. 

The pub also has some not bad food. The last five years that we have ordered beer from them I have picked up a meal to go or we ate in. The food was pretty good for pub food and the staff was always very friendly. 

I look forward to picking up our beer this year. If you are having a new years eve party or a holiday get together or even just a party with friends than pick up a part pig. Your friends will thank you.I came back to Wild Rose again for a Yelp Wrap up party which really, was just a reason for all of us to get drunk and stuff our faces with jummy food once again.

I've had Wild Roses' popular beers like the Raspberry and the India Pale so this time around I settled for their seasonal Cherry Porter which was soo good I had it thrice. Great, Wildrose brewery you made me say "thrice" and I abhor saying that word.

We all shared Wild Rose's appetizers. I like their nacho platter which had beans, salsa and  cheesy dip neatly placed in a bowl which was a nice alternative to the usual "dump everything on the nacho" goodness other pubs strive for. We also shared several of their fresh pretzels which, when I made a blasphemous joke about "breaking bread" was divinely punished when I underestimated the hot mustard and it crawled up my sinuses. Finally, I had their "craft" mac and cheese. It was delicious. I'll leave at that and leave out the part that it was cheesy goodness finished off with an amazing baked crust permeating a tasty smell that interrupted Carol K mid-speech several times.

Lately, I've been closely observing the service in these places I've been going past the surface level of their pleasantness, but in how they seem to enjoy their job. Everyone at Wild Rose seemed to love what they were doing and wouldn't shut up about the food and beer. Our waitresses were lovely and witty, and Andrew was cool enough to ring the massive bell and buy the house a round of drinks.

Also a side note: I ran into a co-worker of mine whose family was allowed to celebrate at the Wild Rose, who appears to allow minors only before 7pm :)I've read such good things about this place so I was pretty excited to check it out last week. Unfortunately, I was a bit disappointed. 

The place is tucked away on the old Curry Barricks. It's a bit of secret location. I thought I might need a secret password or knock to get in the door but nope, just pull the handle and you're in. 

This place doesn't have much for ambiance. So if you're looking for something special, this isn't it. To be honest, it reminded me of the caberets we had back in the day in Saskatchewan. They were usually held in some boring community hall and had nothing but long tables and some uncomfortable wooden chairs. Wild Rose was pretty much the same thing. Not much here for interesting decor other than the big brewery thing behind the wall of glass. 

The food was ok but nothing to write home about. The macaroni and cheese was ok but I have had better. The baked brie cheese in phyllo pastry was good.  I had the Wraspberry beer and it was very tasty and that's about the only reason I would go back.  I would certainly have this beer again and would also consider buying it in the store. Everyone at our table enjoyed their beer as well. I'm giving Wild Rose 3 stars because it's about the beer here.Love me some Wild Rose Brewery! Local? Check! Good food? Check! Kick ass beer? Double Check!

I have been drinking Wild Rose brews for a long while now.  I couldn't even tell you when I first discovered them, but I have been loving them for years.  Special fondness for the Wraspberry, Velvet Fog & recently the Cherry Porter (& am sad that I had missed it all these years.)

Their brewery location serves some fantastic food.  The chips & three dips is a steal of a deal. Also rather impressed with their chili. Throw in a few pints of beer and you have a pleasant afternoon on your hands.  Especially if you manage to score a patio spot on a hot day.

If it weren't for the fact that it is so difficult to get a spot when it's busy & that I have found service to be hit or miss, this would be a solid 5 stars.Walking into this brewery, I didn't know what to expect... But was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere! I really liked that you can see into the brewery from your table.

Our waiter was super nice and helpful. I asked him what I would enjoy based on my taste preferences and he brought me over a couple different samples of beer. 
My friend and I ordered the Hummus & Naan for a starter - it was a huge portion of dip compared to the Naan given but was full of flavor.  

I ordered the veggie flatbread for my main dish and let me tell you... It was great! I love flatbreads and sometimes I get disappointed at places, but not Wild Rose!
Definitely coming back for another pint and some food.The best microbrewery in Calgary and for sure one of the tops in Canada (yes, even better than that *other* Calgary brewery). 

It's great to see Wild Rose embracing their air force hangar location (down to their newest ale AF23 named after you guessed it) as well as all their beers. 

WR specializes in ales, do not go here expecting anything approaching Canadian (but really, you wouldn't be here if that was the case). My personal favs are the Alberta Crude Oatmeal Stout (think Guinness) and Wild Rose Brown (think Newcastle). However, there are beers for every palette. 

In addition to the beers, there's the food which is more often than not, made with the beer. Plenty of meaty and vegetarian selections for all diets. 

Last, there's the swag, party pigs (a great idea for a BBQ or house party) or even a keg to take home. 

We're lucky to have such a great brewery that has such helpful, knowledgeable staff. For example, the last time I was here the server helped a grouchy old couple who didn't read the menu and only wanted a "light beer" to share make their decision and they (and all of us sitting by them) were happier for it.Stopped in for a flight and meal and was glad I did. The place has some history as it is an old hangar of sorts converted and preserved from the old airport. I think I got that right? 

Had the flight and would easily buy 3-4 of the beers again. They have a couple light entry beers and the raspberry fruit beer kills it on flavor. Their brown ale and chocolate stout were my favorite and both IPAs were a kick back from a hop bomb. About $19 CAD for a flight of 8 beers. 

I had the ribs after at least 5 people asked if I wanted food and I wouldn't get them again. The flavor and texture was almost mushy and the bones were breaking in half. Over soaked in seasoning/ liquid? I don't know but I opted for another beer instead of more food. 

The place was packed and crowded and akward for a solo traveler to find a place even at the smaller bar. They let me go back and give myself a tour which was cool as well. I'd come back for the beers but would pass on the food.Oink oink... party pig?!   Yes please!  What is a party pig?!  It's a pig full of beer! 25 glasses to be exact!   My coworker received a pig (Analise) as a present!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/yM__QJKXtvLM_KFH-kpSlg?userid=-gzH91WI8-RphjXAfuR8xQ#CircZ7HR5G2lwbS2vScZig

Cost is $50 for a full Pig + $40 refundable deposit
Two options when you're done:
EXCHANGE - Bring in your empty Pig and they'll fill it or give you another Pig for $50
RETURN - Bring back your empty Pig and they'll refund the $40 deposit

Located in the old Curry Barracks this place is a hanger/ barn/ garage looking thing in the middle of no where with a gravel lot and chain link fence I felt like I was driving through a desert  and came across this watering hole / oasis! hahah. 

Love the atmosphere, garage-y feel, Fermenting bins in the back behind the bar.
Prices are reasonable.
Food is good - soft pretzel, nachos, 
Good beer selection.
Patio outside the garage for those nice hot days.The beer here is amazing, I have always been a rasberry fan but the cowbell is my new favorite! One of the best beers I have ever had. And after a few you mix it with rasberry, mmmmmm. 

And then the food, just as amazing. The smoked meat sandwich is as good as any in Montreal. The smoked meat flatbread is equally awesome. The problem with the food being so good is it takes away more room for beer.Wild Rose is one of those restaurants where I can keep coming back, time after time.

I'm not a big beer fan, but I do like Wild Rose's selections. The Wraspberry is my favourite but they're pretty good at recommending "mixes" that I might like as well.

The food is always excellent - I have yet to order a meal that I'm disappointed with. And, even not being a red meat eater, there's tons on the menu that I can eat, including a vegetarian chili (not many places offer that!)

The patio is awesome in the summer, although the restaurant can get pretty packed and it can be difficult to find space to sit.

Definitely a must try if you haven't been. I need to try a tour next!The beer and food here is deliciously amazing! However if you get a party pig/crowler to take home make sure you drink it soon, or else they start leaking a little bit. Not a deal breaker, just slightly inconvenient :-) But then again, who would keep tasty beer like this for long enough to leak?Love the food and the beer is fantastic.  If you are planning a camping trip try the "pig kegs"... they are great, come in all the delicious flavours of beer.  Pig kegs are pre-tapped and are (i can't remember exactly) but I think around 30-40 beer so not too much for a weekend trip with friends!Whenever I have visitors from across the pond, I take them to Calgary's best.  And this is the place for beer.  Whether they are from Heinekenland or Plsen, they rate Wild Rose as 'damn fine beer.  Friendly staff.

And the food ain't half bad either.

The Wild Rose is a place that quenches, fills and entertains.I must add to my previous review after attending a Co-op Beer Dinner at WR. If you've never been to a Beer Dinner, I recommend them. They are usually around $60 for five courses and five beers.

Now here's where it gets interesting. I always really enjoyed the food at Wild Rose, finding it complimentary to the beer and relatively healthy. But the menu at the Beer Dinner revealed the Wild Rose chefs to be nothing short of genius. These guys are capable of much more than they are letting on. That said, I have seen some of their more unique creations start to creep their way into the standard menu. 

The beer dinner consisted of Velvet Fog steamed mussels and clams, roasted SMOKEY butternut squash soup with bacon paired with IPA (mind blowing), mushroom and goat cheese salad, and then an unbelievable Alberta braised short ribs in demi-glaze, roasted winter squash, cabbage, and baked polenta. This all finished with a cherry porter trifle; light, and full of cherry flavour with smokey notes. It was simply outstanding. 

Keep your eye out for this event in the future! With any luck, even more of these awesome menu items will crop up on their standard rotation!

Normal menu rotation must-try items: Blue cheese field greens (if you're into blue cheese), Alberta crude oatmeal stout (on a cold day), salmon gravlax, Brewer's lunch (come hungry).Place is always well worth the trip.   Great regular beers and often something different to try as well.  Staff and the regulars are always friendly.I once stumbled in to this place on a frigid winter evening in Aught Seven, looking for directions to a Roller Derby tournament that was taking place nearby. They gave me the wrong directions, but I made a mental note to come back and try their brew (if I survived the swirling blizzard!).

Fast forward to 2011 and not only do I get to try their potions, I also get to see how they craft them! The environment is friendly and unassuming. Our tour host was awesome, really knew what he was taking about and didn't hesitate to say that on a night out with his wife he'd still order Wild Rose beer. I've been a longtime fan of their Wraspberry Ale, but drinking it straight from the source has now spoiled me for buying it anywhere else. You have to try it from WRB. Or plunk down 90 bones and fill up a Party Pig so you can pull yourself a pint straight from your own fridge. Is having your own keg excessive? Maybe. Am I filled to the brim with Wild Rose Propaganda? Definitely :D. *waves hands* You will not buy cheap beer anymore. Ooooooo.

Oh, and the food here is good too! Must come back another time to try out their veggie chili. This time I won't wait another 4+ years.My favourite pub in Calgary.  Great beer, great service.  Delicious simple food (I particularly like their flatbread). I feel comfortable going there alone or with a big group.  I always order the brokeback (brown ale mixed with a touch of raspberry ale).
Sitting on their patio on a warm day in Calgary is a bit of heaven right here in our midst.Somewhere along the way I had a beer from Wild Rose. I don't remember what it was or where I had it but it was stuck in my memory bank. Visiting Calgary I knew I wanted to hit it and was I ever happy I did so!

It's in an old hangar where a lot of the patrons know each other and the staff. Everyone was friendly with us. We ordered a couple flights and most of the beers were really good. I really, really liked the Blonde Ale. The Oatmeal was also really good. These were my standouts but you can't go wrong with the IPA or Brown or the sour. 

We did have a pretzel - make that two - while we were hanging out (they were perfect). If we had more time we probably would have spent another couple hours there. It was a really enjoyable experience all the way around.I love, love, love Wildrose.  The seasonal beer right now is the Wild Rose Cherry Porter.  If you haven't tried it yet, you should seek it out.  They describe it as the 'black forest cake' of beer.  How could you NOT want to try it??

Their regular lineup is filled with flavorful, unique beers - each one has a wildly different flavor - so you are sure to find something that appeals to you.  Here are my thoughts on a few of their regulars:

*Wildrose IPA - This is one of my favourite beers, and is definitely the best local IPA I've tried.  It is very hoppy yet drinkable.

*Velvet Fog - This one lays claim to being the first available unfiltered commercial beer in Alberta, which is hard to believe given the robust flavor unfiltered beers like this one can have.  I find this particular one to be more hoppy than fruity (I find many unfiltered beers tend to have more of a fruity flavor).

*WRaspberry Ale - This one is a fruity, tart beer that is perfect for a sunny day.  Or a cloudy day.  Or a snowy day.  It used to be a seasonal brew, but it became so popular that they now produce it year-round.

*Brown - This one is an easy drinking brown ale which has a refreshingly clean finish.

If the beer alone doesn't bring you here, they also serve up some excellent food.  Last time we were here, we shared a few plates along with our samplings of beer.  The Brewer's Lunch had a wide assortment of cheese, meat, salads, onions, pickles, etc and was served with bread made in-house.  The bacon-wrapped skewers were delicious as was the garlicky hummus and naan.

At times, part of me wishes that they were more centrally located so that I could have a more convenient place to imbibe.  But their location has character, and you really don't want to change that.  Keep up the good work, Wildrose!

Review #16 of Yelp's 30 Day Review ChallengeI have eaten at this restaurant before. As well, they had a booth at "Taste of Calgary" this year for drinks only- no food. 
The drinks they had were: 
- High Harvest Strong Pale Ale with Hemp SPA
- Ponderosa Gose
- Wraspberry Ale
- velvet Fog Wheat Ale
- I.P.A. 

Love their beer!this is by far the best beer, the best best service in calgary! 
my only suggestion is........... i with they would get a deep fryer! great beer deserves some unhealthy food :).  however the food they serve is fresh and great!Food was great, beer was great. Service,
Meh.

Loved the vibe and the atmosphere. Both of our meals were excellent - no complaints there!It's kind of far away, but worth the trip! The food is simple, but it tastes fantastic... and wow huge portions! The spinach dip was basically a meal for two people! The atmosphere is fantastic, especially outside on a nice day and the wait staff were all very kind. We will definitely return.This place is cool ... But not fancy at all... But the wine was not bad and the service very friendly. I am not a beer person, but most of my friends like the beer here... This is a great place to go in a group for a different time...Food is excellent, but has nothing on the Alberta Crude - Oatmeal Stout, it's like heaven that comes by the pig!Great food, fresh beer and awesome service. No TVs but I think it adds to the character of the place! Highly recommended!The only aspect of that Wildrose Brewery that is less than stellar is the location. It isn't exaclty easy to get to if you don't want to drive, and when i go to a brewery/restaurant I like to have a few pops. So there is the negative.

The positive is pretty much everything else. Located in a building that looks like it was once a hangar or something similar, it is pretty spacious inside with a lot of stainless steel and a clear view of the brewing area.

With seasonal beer along with their classic line-up, you're likely to find a beer you will enjoy, but keep in mind Wildrose tends not to brew too many lagers and light beers. 

The food....to be honest I can't remember, but I've been told I liked it and I hear rave reviews from many friends about the chili.

If you ever need a drinking buddy to accompany you to Wildrose, let me know, I will bend my schedule.I apparently have trouble writing reviews for Calgary establishments, compared to the number I write for vacation spots. Time to start rectifying that imbalance! 

In particular, I need to review Wild Rose Brewery before they have to close this location for good. They currently have their lease til Feb 2015 & are hoping to get it extended again. If they do not, you have to check them out before they shut the doors forever! I am sure the beer & the food will be just as fantastic anywhere else, but this small restaurant & tap room attached to their older brewing facility in the Currie Barracks has atmosphere they won't be able to duplicate. 

Wild Rose is Calgary's best brewery (although the competition is increasing) & they serve all of their beers here on tap, plus you can buy them on site in bottles & in mini kegs called party pigs. Never have we failed to impress company when we open our fridge door & reveal our party pig, complete with a name tag & filled with the equivalent of 25 bottles of beer. Patterson is currently pouring IPA at our house right now. (They also have a program for larger kegs, but you need to order those ahead of time)

But this is definitely more than a mini beer store - they have a kitchen & full menu to go with the pints. Food is always good quality, although I must say I miss the black bean dip they used to have! The veggie chili is just not as good (strangely, though, my meat-eating partner thinks it is excellent, & has ordered it several times, so I guess it is just me) A few daily specials complement the set menu. Several of the dishes include beer as an ingredient & they will help you pair a beer style with your meal if you wish. 

They also have beer specials - their "seasonal" brew will be available (also found in many local pubs' tap lists) as well as a featured cask conditioned ale on Friday, usually a special variation of one of their standards (last week was their brown ale with coconut & vanilla bean). The pour usually starts at 4 pm on Fridays, & there is rarely a seat to be found, so arrive early! 

The inside of the tap room is a mix of small tables & larger communal seating with long benches. The regulars are quite friendly so there is generally no problem sharing. Some of the small tables are bar height, but there is plenty of accessible seating too. On one occasion, I witnessed someone in a wheelchair enter when the room was quite full, with only higher seating available, but a group immediately offered to move to it so their low table could be taken over by the newcomers. 

Edited June 12/14 to include info that both washrooms are wheelchair accessible. I've only seen the inside of the women's, however :)
 
For me the big downside is location, not for atmosphere, but for ease of visiting. I wish it were closer to downtown so I could walk or cab there, as I hate making my designated driver cut his drinking short!A must see for all Calgarians and visitors to the city. I moved to Calgary a few years ago and have been to Wild Rose more than anywhere else. The ploughman's lunch or any of their dishes with cheese (I am sure you couldn't buy the cheese in the grocery store for as much as you pay for the whole meal). The beers are great too. You can see the brewery equipment from your table and they sell little mini-kegs shaped like a pig.97 reviews? Well, here is one more!

If there's one menu item that you need to order, it would be the soft pretzel. It's so good and so worth it.

Came with a few other Yelpers for a UYE and we had a great time. Nothing like kicking back a couple of pints on a Sunday afternoon. When you first arrive at Wild Rose Brewery, you may question whether or not Google Maps took you to the wrong place. This place has the one of the most unassuming places to have a brewery. 

Enough about logistics, let's talk about the beer. One of my fellow Yelpers got the "paddle" which seemed like a great deal and a great chance to explore many beers at once. I've had plenty of Wildrose beer before so I wanted to try out some of their seasonal flavours (which were great!)

Will be back. For the beer and the pretzel.I stumbled onto this place while staying for a night in Calgary.  It's a little out of the way and seems like you're going to a random shed when you get there but it was great.  I tried a couple of their IPAs and their bison brisket which was quit tasty! The staff was also very friendly! I would return here if I go back to Calgary.I've introduced a number of friends - native Calgarians, recent imports AND out-of-towner's -  who all agree that Wild Rose is an especially unique brew-pub and a "MUST-return" destination.  

I call it a destination because... it's beyond out-of-the-way; it's practically deliberately hard-to-find. With the south entrance to Currie Barracks closed last night (the one on Richardson Way SW by Mount Royal University) we had to enter from the East/Crowchild side and tell the security guard at the gate we were going to Wild Rose for "just one pint". You see... unique! (Who else has tax-payer funded bouncers?)

Co-piloting my friend down poorly lit roads past military vehicles we squeezed into a jam-packed dirt parking-lot. A full & lively scene welcomed us on a Wednesday night! It spilled out through the open overhead door onto the large concrete patio which was also brim-full thanks to a rare & treasured warm September evening.

Fellow Yelper's - Point of Information here: the building is called "Quonset" (not a barn, hanger, or shed). Wiki-link: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quonset_hut 

The ex-Canadian-Air-Force Quonset gives Wild Rose a 1-of-a-kind atmosphere (look for the trouble-light chandelier) which keenly matches the sites, sounds & smells of the machinery of brewing. This somehow lulls your expectations in such a way that beer, food, and even the service have you saying, "Well, I didn't see that coming."  It's the magic of Under-Promise; Over-Deliver that has me coming back again and again and taking the time to share the love. 

In a city of a million people, many of which suffer from "Quadrant-itis", it is worth the drive to this SW brew-pub from any direction. And for those who are GPS-less or directionally impaired, the cab-drivers know the trail to Wild Rose well enough. Besides - your car couldn't be safer overnight than being parked in the middle of a dim but still-functioning military base swallowed whole and now slowly being assimilated into one of the oldest 'burbs in Calgary.While beer is not my adult beverage of choice, the quality and the taste of the beers from the Wild Rose is undeniable. Yesterday, I had an opportunity to visit the taproom for a farewell lunch for a colleague and got a chance to sample their food offerings. One thing you have to know is that their kitchen has no deep fryer so although the team aspires to do "pub food", they have done an effective job at replacing those fried stables like ribs and french fries with options like coleslaw, baked beans and salads. The prices for their appetizers and entres are very reasonable, considering the amount of food received. I ordered the pulled pork sliders with a side of curried coleslaw.  The food was fresh, quickly prepared and most importantly delicious.  I washed down those tasty sliders and slaw  with a glass of their SOB (Special Old Bitters).  Be warned, you will not leave hungry.   

It would be really easy for the group at Wild Rose to not give two cents about their food offerings as their real competitive advantage is their beer but fortunately for consumers, that isn't the case.  These guys care and it shows. 

Highly recommended for beer sampling and tasty food while doing it.With the recommendation for the mac & cheese here, I thought it would be worth a visit. They were right. It was a delicious treat and the beer was excellent.

It was a great beer and good food, but why don't you have wifi? I would have stayed longer, had another starter and another beer to go with it, but not if I can't check in on Yelp. I was bummed about it.

Note: the place is easy enough to find, once you realize that it's buried on a former/current army base. When you come off the road, make the sharp right.We were invited to join my son and his girlfriend for a few beers on her birthday. The
place was packed and it took a little while to get our group all seated together.  We shared a long table with about eight other people.  The beer was marvelous, the service was a little slow, but the staff had great senses of humor, The food was delicious!  We will definitely go back, but will likely pick a week night for a better seating choice.  The Velvet Fog goes down great!I went recently for a relative's birthday party. Service was really good. Our server had no issue splitting the tab among coming and going guests. The brewery let us bring in a cake and didn't charge us for using their plates. Totally recommend this place for large get-togethers.

I've always liked Wild Rose beer, but their special beer cocktails were fantastic. I never would have thought about blending one beer with another, but it works. I enjoyed the blends more than drinking a regular Wild Rose beer.

The food I tried was good quality. Food was like a home-cooked but better than you can make yourself. Portions are on the smaller side, and no fries are served, which is better for you anyway.Love love love this place!!

Not only is the beer fantastic the food is too! There is a beer for everyone, I especially love tasting the feature brews and seasonal brews. Super friendly staff, fun environment, a very cool place to chill. I have yet to be on a tour but I LOVE that you can see the beer masters at work well you enjoy their labor. Just fantastic!! 

Cheers!
www.bristolcleaning.comGreat place to relax in the summer. Nice patio. Unpretentious. Food is pretty good and last but not least... Great beer! 

Velvet fog is a winner!I realize that sour beers are still relatively unchartered territory for breweries in Alberta. So I give this brewery credit for being one of the first here to get into the game. However, they still have a long way to go. I drink sour beer often in the States and was excited to see it offered here, but the Cowbell Kettle Sour here tasted much more like a gose than a true sour. I couldn't bring myself to have more than a few sips, as I really dislike gose beers. I hope Wild Rose is able to work on it so that people here can appreciate the true taste of what a sour beer should be. 

Outdoor seating area is nice and umbrellas offer shade. Can't comment on the food.2.5 stars.
We crossed this one off the Calgary bucket list today and I must say that I was not so impressed?
It was a Sunday afternoon, I know, not a good time to go and drink a big pint of beer (now sleepy!) but this was the one plus about this place. The pint was tall and cold and I am not even much of a beer drinker. Got the Wraspberry one. (no spirits here, beer and wine only)
Service - embarrassingly bad. No hello, no goodbye, no checking on us as we ate. The place was not very busy.
I felt like I was in a cross between a garage, basement and a barn. However, that said, the place is for sure unique and it was very clean, even the washrooms. 
Ordered:
Pretzels - yummy, hot, salty and fresh with interesting mustards on the plate.
Crab cakes - worst I have had in a long time. Looked good and had decent crunch but were all bread filler.
Beef and Barley soup - not so good, the broth was watery and the barley was all clumped together in a sloppy ball. No meat. Odd!
Meatballs Sliders - meat not so fresh and lacked sauce and cheese.
All in all, if you like Wildrose beer and are not concerned about food or service this is the place for you.
Do not expect to find TVs here to watch Ottawa win the Playoffs, there are none!
Would be hard pressed to return.great beer in a very casual atmosphere.  Didn't have time for the food as I was just there for a quiet pint, but will definitely go back.  For those for whom Big Rock just doesn't cut it anymore (and that means all of the rest of the standard Canadian and American brews as well) this craft brewery produces real ale with FLAVOUR -- deep malts and bracing hops, head that lasts, complex tastes in each lovely mouthful.  I am not a fan of the fruit flavoured, lime infused, frou-frou beers - give me a good ale or a refreshing Pilzen every time, so if you are like me and enjoy a real ale, give it a try. I don't think you will be disappointed.I ate there yesterday for a corporate gig. With my job I eat at all kinds of nice restaurants and catering. The food was phenomenal top tier for shizzle! Staff were amazing as well!The beer it's all about the beer! Wild rose is truly a business that has risen from the ground up.It's a beer fairy tale, a living breathing fairy tale that not only inspires me with their unique business model but puts real pride and love into their products. It taste amazing! 

I have been a fan of wild rose since I first tried their beer. Velvet fog is truly one of my all time favs! But pretty much all across the product line each beer that they brew will certainly satisfy beer lovers anywhere! From the Alberta crude to their very popular Wraspberry they keep it pretty tight and don't get carried away with to many flavours. The tight product line is one of the more solid on the craft beer market. They don't make no junk at wild rose! 

In the summer I had the pleasure of taking the brewery tour and enjoyed a very nice dinner after! The food overall was quite tasty and fairly priced, but let's be honest as nice as it is to have a decent restaurant inside the brewery I don't come here for the food, I come for the ultra fresh brew! 

If you love beer or even just learning about new things I highly reccomend coming for the tour. It's a quite homey operation that takes its self seriously where it counts ( the beer) but is otherwise extremly relaxed and laid back which I personally love! 

One final thing to say about wild rose, the beer is potent it will go to your head a little faster than most! And according to the guy who gave the tour it's not a higher alcohol content than average it's because they don't use preservatives so it actually absorbs much faster. Just so you know 2 pints of wild rose is like 3 pints of standard swill ( aka Molson or bud) really good bang for your buck! Come and enjoy!

9/30I love it here. Delicious food (I mean REALLY GOOD), fantastic beer. This is one of our favorite spots on a beautiful day. It's just a shame the patio is sort of basically a fenced off bit of parking lot LOL. Would be nice to have something prettier to look at but really, my husband and I go there just to spend time together anyway. Just maybe not a place I would necessarily bring guests from out of town, or clients etc. despite the delicious cuisine.I'm the designated driver these days. Flat bread was great.Really, really, really good. Never had a disappointing meal here. Usually the service is impeccable, though sometimes three servers can be overwhelmed by a full house (since the rebranding). I love this place, and come here often enough so I see how consistently above average their food is and how friendly the staff remains, and last but not least, how beautifully refreshing the beer is.I really liked to place. Decent beer and had reasonably priced food options and the options were fairly healthy conscienceA bar on the Currie Baracks?  You heard right!  Wild Rose Brewery is situated right in the middle of Currie Barracks, right across from the Calgary Farmers' Market.  What a strange and perfect place for a microbrewery.

Okay, so locally brewed beer aside, let me tell you a couple of interesting and different things about this place.  Wild Rose Brewery actually offers tours of their brewery, a tour that allows you to see behind the scenes, learn about the fermentation process and sample different beers!  Each staff member knows more about beer than any other person I've met, aside from other staff members.  They are usually fun people, who enjoy educating us about one of man's greatest drink:  BEER!

They have great specials on their beer, since it's brewed right there!  And they have a surprising amount to choose from.  I'm a huge fan of their Wraspberry ale!  It's so sweet and tasty, I think of more like juice than beer!  Among others are Velvet Fog, Wred Wheat Ale, Brown Ale, IPA and Stout.  It's nice to support a local brewery with locally brewed beers!

Have I mentioned their Party Pig yet?  This is a mini keg, holding approximately 25 pints of beer, which they rent (or sell) for any occasion.  Whether you're having a party, or just want a little kegger in your fridge, you can get the Party Pig for only $50... full!  It's a great deal... and it actually looks like a little pig!  Party Pig!  Hehe!I have recently discovered a mixed beer they serve - called Brokeback
This is a blend of their WRaspberry and Stout.   It is my favourite beer.

I've also discovered the salmon gravlax on flatbread instead of the bagel they typically serve it on, and it is so tasty.Amazing micro brew and the food is to die for, meaty chilli with an oatmeal stout. YummyGreat micro-brewery.  Great place for a pint on summer afternoons.  

The Brewery is in the Currie Barracks, which makes adds a bit of history to the drinking/dining experience.  The Brewery is located in an old Military repair hangar, which adds unrivaled cool factor to the place.  From the eating and drinking area there is a wall opening that reveals the taproom.  Very interesting place.

The beers are very tasty, very sophisticated in their flavour profiles.  The food is equally good, most of the ingredients are from the market itself.  The beer and the food complement eachother greatly, creating a very Albertan and organic dining and drinking experience.

Prices are reasonable, staff is friendly and passionate of their product, I recommend the Brown Ale and the cobbler.Hard to find but worth the effort. Overall solid beers but access to a cask beer starting at 4pm on Friday was a highlight. Pink belly was very pleasant as well.I enjoyed our visit to Wild Rose.  The location is fun, beer is interesting and worth trying different kinds, and the food is a great fit for the types of beer that they brew.  My favorites were the brown and IPA, but the porters are a nice change as well.They really helped out me and my friends with a last minute birthday party, even though we called an hour before (they request a day or 2 in advance) for a keg - they got it all done up within the hour with a big smile! and DELICIOUS AMAZING BEER!!How is it possible that it took me so long to finally go here? 
BEER SAMPLERS - 8 little beers, all different brews! My favourite thing! BREWERS PLATTER - plate full of meat and cheese and pickles and bread and potato salad and roasted garlic! Also my favourite thing! 
I love this place! 
Super well priced, cozy, good service, and you can take a tour of the brewery, which we didn't do, but next time for sure!I've visited the Wild Rose Brewery several times. I agree with the consensus here, "the beer is so darn good" (Dan D 3/9/2011). Just took a recent tour and enjoyed the BEERDUCATION laid out by our tour guide, whose passion for beer can be clearly seen by his enthusiasm. For what seemed like a small space, this brewery doesn't waste an inch in making sure every equipment is in place to make craft beer.

The also have a great menu that clearly matches well with their beers. I've never been to a place that doesn't serve fries, in fact "WRB" (Arc P. 4/28/2011) appears to boast about it in their menu. I won't complain since they have great side dishes. I love the beans but my friends don't love me for eating it. The most recent dish I've had was their Best Wurst, and certainly was just as good as I've had @ the Austrian Club or this now defunct German restaurant whose name unfortunately escapes me (pls message me if you happen to remember-an old man was the sole owner/server).Great beers. Inviting atmosphere with a cool patio. Try the pink velvet. It's a clean and crisp mix between two of their most popular beers. We loved it.Go discover the genuine spirit of this brewery and have great beer and food, but don't tell anyone else. Lets keep this hidden gem in Currie Barracks to ourselves :-))I wish this place was in range for a "quittin' time" beer. Seriously, the only complaint I have is that this place is tucked deeply into the former Currie Barracks. So no 1 am staggering home for me. Which is too bad, because the beer is amazing, like mind-blowing great, the staff is friendly, and the menu has the best pub food in Calgary. The best summer hang-out and an excellent place to take people from out of town.

Also, they could clean the patio a bit, but I say NO. This is Wild Rose country, we don't need no fancy wanna-be Irish pub patio. The concrete tables and mis-matched chairs suit me just fine, thanks.My family and I are huge fans of breweries. While on a road trip this summer, we stopped at several breweries in the western US and in Alberta. This was, by far, our favorite of the trip, and personally one of my favorite breweries period. Every beer I tried was delicious but I especially loved the raspberry beer they had. It was a perfectly balanced beer and delicious on a warm day. 

We also tried their pretzels, and a couple dips- all of which were amazing. 

I hope to visit Alberta again someday, and if I do, Wild Rose is on my list of places to go.From the other reviews I've seen it looks like I'm preaching to the choir but Wild Rose really is something special.  The product (that is, Wild Rose beer) is easily a favourite pour and stacks up well against the best beers I've ever drunk (and, for what it's worth, that's saying something).  Try: the 'Velvet Fog' - a cloudy wheat ale that is sure to be a top seller; 'Brown' - my own personal 'go to' pint, dark brown ale with lots of everything you expect in a brown ale... if you drink Big Rock Traditional (another Calgary iconic best brew), something like Sam Adams Dark or Newcastle, you'll appreciate WR Brown; or 'IPA' - a very fine version of the classic Indian Pale Ale that just ooozes with hoppy goodness.  Those lucky enough to get to Wild Rose can also sample from their seasonal tap of specialty seasonal pints that aren't widely circulated.

The tap room itself is a great pub room with a small outside patio that's well used in the Summer.  Food is well above average and is sans deep fryer... lots of fresh... lots of sandwiches, soups and salads... Meat Pies from the next door Farmer's Market; all are fine choices and well above the pale.  The room itself is on the smallish side (even with a recent reno to expand floor/bar space there's maybe only room for 50) and would be an EXCELLENT choice for something like an office party or birthday.  

All together it's really hard to find a negative other than that it's not downtown... maybe that's a good thing though.I've heard stellar things about this place and had some high expectations.  I was kind of let down by the food but I did try something very outlandish (some apple meat thing) so it could have been just a personal preference.

The location was so hard for me to find!!  But the setting was refreshing and novel, which was fun.

Waiter was nice and catered well to us.  I had a dark ale which was yummy but clashed with my dish.  I haven't tried their lighter brews.

Price was decent.Ok, so I finally made it to Wild Rose for dinner. I've been meaning to go for some time based on the reviews. Maybe it was the food that I chose to order, but WRB was very good, but not great. The experience is different here, the space is wide open, and the crowd seemed to be an older bunch that most likely live in Garrison Woods. The staff was friendly enough, and service was pretty good, as was the food. 

We ordered the pistachio crusted goat cheese, which is served with crostinis I thought were too crisp. My friend had the veggie chili for dinner, I had a bite and it was just ok, but I'm not a huge chili - especially veggie chili - person. I had the crab cakes and they were huge, but seemed rather heavy and I would have preferred it if they were crispier. Both the appetizer and the cakes were served on greens but they lacked any dressing/flavor, otherwise I would have eaten them. Of course, the beer was great. 

I'm glad I tried this unique place out, but living downtown I would probably save the trip and go some place closer to home next time. When my beer enthusiast step-father comes to town again, I will definitely bring him here.This is the place to go to get a real 'Brauhaus' feeling. 

The food is good and the atmosphere casual. We have been here and listened to classical music as well as on 'normal' days to have one of their own beers.

Personal favourite beer: Alberta Crude

Beer to go: Try one of their Party Pigs. It is a 8.5 litre keg of beer which looks like a pig.Velvet fog tops my list of favorite wheat ales so there's something sexy about drinking it right where it's brewed. All their beer is naturally brewed with no chemicals or preservatives and maybe that's why it just feels right to try a few every time I'm here. Sitting in the sun on the patio drinking beer and tasting quality bites doesn't get better then this spot. I highly recommend the marg. pizza and fish tacos.We dropped in for a casual dinner and we were absolutely blown away at Chef Robbie's new menu. The beef tartar was such a highlight - with the perfect balance of simple classic flavours and interesting textures. The session IPA is the perfect crisp hop to compliment the beginning of the spring summer season. Service was great. Ambience was great.We had a great afternoon there tasting beer and picking one out for our wedding. Its Great that they have sizes that arent just huge. They were great about our getting it back after the honeymoon and all in all, I would go back for a keg or two of some of the other kinds as well.I don't usually eat meat or drink beer, but their brew was fabulous and I couldn't believe how amazing the beef panini was. Great atmosphere too. Our server was adorable.Every friday my gal and I swing by the WR hangar for our "Quittin' Time" beer.  Mine is generally the cask (a special cask-conditioned iteration of one of WR's extensive line-up of regular and seasonal beers) if there is any left, or an SOB (I love a good Bitter); my wife usually defaults to her favourite: Velvet Fog (a beauty of a wheat beer).  The food is good--but the beers, atmosphere, and people are the best!i LOVED the wild rose brewery! i loved that it was in the middle of nowhere in a building that looks like an old garage. i loved their stout and i thought their meaty chili was kick ass. 

the wild rose was just what we were looking for when we got into town. highly recommended!Bet you didn't know they do tours.  Yep, that's right.  Last Saturday, some friends and I gathered at the Wild Rose Brewery at 4 pm for a brewery tour.

Starting out with a fresh half pint of our favourite brew in one hand, our tour guide, Anthony, lead us through the door at the side of the bar.  The one that leads to a magical place where wheat and barley mix and dance, while boiling, toiling and troubling to produce the tasty brands like Wraspberry and Velvet Fog that we all know and love.

Anthony was our tour guide.  And what a fun guide he was.  He started us off at the front of the brewery, explaining the basic process for how the beer is made.  Next, he lead us around the side of the building to where 6 huge tanks are used regularly to brew or store each kind of beer.  Walking around the back, we came across the first batch of cherry porter (Wildrose's Signature Christmas Beer) being brewed for the year.  You should've seen the smile cross Anthony's face.  I swear I saw a little bit of drool drip out of the corner of his mouth.

You wouldn't think a tour would take all that long, but we were back there a solid hour and a half.  Anthony entertained our questions and showed us just how crafty they get.

Next time you have a moment, round up some friends and book yourselves a tour.  It cost us about $12/person (there were ten of us) and we each got our own Wildrose half pint to take home at the end.Wild Rose Brewery was the perfect break in a touristy day in Calgary, separating a visit to the Canadian Sports Hall of Fame and heading downtown for the nightlife.

The current brewery is just southwest of downtown (as I understand it they are expanding with an additional location), and the place has ambiance all-around.  Housed in a small hangar/fallout shelter, the building has character from the get-go, and continues to get better with a sizable beer garden and interior hall.

 Although I was slightly bummed to find out prior to my arrival that Wild Rose was no longer offering tours, I was still strongly encouraged to check the place out based on the beers and the food.  Even with the highly enthusiastic recommendations from the staff at the hostel we were staying at (I always have concerns that a highly-set bar will lead me to at least some level of let-down), this place did not disappoint in any fashion!

To start, if you've never been here before, grab yourself a flight of 8 of their beers, including 7 of their flagship brews and their seasonal.  That'll fill you up with just over 3 pints of beer!  Continuing on, order some food.  This is a great spot for lunch or dinner.  If you've been conserving your beer samples appropriately, you'll be able to do some beer-food pairings.  What were some of the highlights?  The filling "Barracks Brown Ale Stew" went perfectly with their brown ale of the same namesake, while the "Brome Lake Duck Tacos" were a perfect match for some of their lighter brews...I personally thought the "Velvet Fog" wheat and the "Wraspberry Ale" raspberry ale complimented the blood orange-roasted, cranberry-topped duck perfectly.

Whether you're just popping through Calgary as a stop on the way to Banff National Park, an oil and gas tycoon that's in town for work, or a local that loves a good brewpub, Wild Rose Brewery is a must-see (and a must-eat, and a must-drink...well, you get the point).We went here on my first trip to Calgary, hoping to scope out the town before moving. We were really looking forward to a brewery tour, but unfortunately it had been cancelled. They were super friendly about it when we asked and apologized. I was thinking I'd be intimidated by such a cool place, but nah, the folks there were super chill. 

It's an awesome place to have lunch! There are several beers on tap that you can't get anywhere else (I totally recommend the Alberta Crude, even if you think you don't like dark beer, this one is soooo smooth and savoury). The music was an excellent mix of blues and rock a billy and get this - IT WASN"T BLARING. Ugh, that's such a pet peeve of mine, when I go out to dinner or to shop and the music is so loud that you can't talk to the people you're out with.  

The ambiance is great - there were young bro lookin' dudes there, some older couples, and some elderly lookin' gents at the bar. No one was obnoxious or anything, and the decorations - high vaulted ceilings with tons of interesting paraphernalia to look at - are really neat. 

The food is pretty excellent and eclectic. I had pita crisps and a crab and cheese dip, my husband had roast duck with blood orange tortillas. Everything was delicious. We really want to get out there again for a date.Great beers, and often new variety. The food is excellent also (I think they source most of their produce from the farmers market). A great place to relax and its location next to the farmers market is ideal.I really dig this place. I have been here a few times and it never fails to put a smile on my face.

Perfect place to chill out with friends or a date. Food is consistently yummy, I have tried a few different things, never had the same thing twice and have never been disappointed with the eats. Tried the pulled pork sliders last time - we loved them. Loved them so much i got an order to go so my roommate could try them, he loved them just as much as me.

It's nice to stop in for the casked beers on Fridays, they start serving it at 4pm. It's always busy but I have never had to wait long for a seat. Last time I was there the patio was totally slammed, but I'm hoping to hit that up soon, it's west facing which means lots of sun.

I am also known to have backyard bbq's and fires, I am thinking this summer will be the summer of the party pig!Oh, Wild Rose, my favourite local brewery. My friend and I stopped in last night intending to grab some eats, and were surprised by how delightfully busy it was despite its location and the closing down of the farmers market. It actually ended up being so busy that we ended up picking up some brews instead and making delicious dinner at home.

Oh, Wild Rose. My favourite local brewery. My pal and I stopped in last night intending to grab some eats, and were surprised by how delightfully busy it was despite its location and the closing down of the farmers market. In fact, it was so busy that we ended up picking up some brews instead. The gentleman who served us was delightfully cheery and very friendly, like any time the staff have been whenever I've popped in. I left hugging a six pack of Wraspberry Ale stoked on life.Great beer decent service and the food, meh.

I've loved Wild Rose beer for many years, and had a fun time visiting their brewery before it moved to the Curry Barracks location. I have yet to experience a tour in the new location, I'm sure it's great!

I've gone during the day and evening and find that at times, even when it's not busy, that it can take awhile to get served. The servers are friendly when they come around, but I do have a problem with having to wait more than 10 minutes with a table full of friends with empty glasses.

 I do appreciate that you can get a tasting of beer to decide on what you want to get a full pint of, and that they have different pour sizes. The quality of the product is outstanding and the seasonal brews are always something to look forward to. 

Now, the food. There are some yummy appetizers but the fact that you can't get things on the menu changed at all because they are already made is frustrating, and I personally don't like to think of my food as being "pre-made". The salads could use something more for the dressings, they have always been too bland. The toppings are great, but if you don't top it off with a great vinaigrette then I might as well be eating plain lettuce at home.

Overall a great place for a pint and if you like appetizers you'll be a happy customer, maybe even more if you head home with one of their "pigs".Some of my earliest childhood memories stem from visits to the old WWII runways that used to cross the fields near the THEN Mount Royal College.   

Long stretches of runway still remained decades later; and as a kid, I watched model airplanes fly from them, friends' go-carts putter up and down them, and various weekend car clubs racing and slaloming and doing static "shine and shows." 

These strips of concrete were just "there," as far as most people cared.  Roads to nowhere without traffic to kill you.  

But I do remember one day asking WHY runways nobody used somehow existed in the middle of the city....  and being somewhat amazed to learn of their military history (despite the more than obvious CFB Clagary, JUST OVER THERE)!

Amazed, because something I only knew as black and white war footage on TV, had physical ties to this place.     And everything here was most definitely real.

That "making it real to me" moment was profound as a kid.   I've probably been fascinated by war historiy and aircarft ever since. 

So not surprisingly, I was sad the day I learned the runways were being torn up and removed.  As time moved on, though, I pretty much forgot all about them.

Years passed. Currie Barracks shuttered as an active base.  But thankfully, much of that past still remains -- almost as it always did, though with a new, now-commercial purpose.  

And all of that makes the location--and the building that Wildrose finds itself in--so incredibly unique to Calgary.  

Walking through the doors and having a pint here for the first time, those ties to the past are once again brought home.   I honestly could see a similar scene 60 years ago:  an officers lounge, or a room of newly trained pilots ready to ship out.  It wouldn't look much different then as it does now.

This has been a long way of saying:  I'm into the vibe, because there's more meaning here, if you allow it,  than you will find almost anywhere.

But let's face it:  the beer is great, which also  helps things along immensely!  More than a few Calgarians list WR as their favorite of any brew.

And the food?  I've tried only appetizers, but in each case, they surprised me by surpassing what I would have expected in a pub.  Unique and original in their own right.

This is something special to Calgary, and I'm a fan.

Yelp's 30 Day Challenge 2012 - 2/30Finally tried this place and decided quickly that I will return. I already know their brew is good and now I know the food is good too. I love the unique location of the place (in the Currie Barracks) and the atmosphere inside. It is unpretentious and simply a delicious alternative to standard fare.Interesting location.
The staff at this brewery are great, very personable.
I tried a variety of their beers, all very good quality. Can't say which one I liked the best because each one was great.
Nice taproom.We came here on our way back from banff to the airport and I'm so sad I didn't get the name of the server/bartender. She was so sweet and nice! She answered all our questions and even called a bakery to ask if they had butter tarts and cheese buns for us. Lastly, she also gave us free stickers and gave us great recommendation on the beers. Oh and yes the beer is delicious!After a long day yuppie-ing it up at the farmers market, you can come on out to this place to further your yuppiehood. Ok, enough of tha hate. The beer goes without saying, and the entrees? Two sausages, two cuts of bread, massive amounts of beans and sauerkraut for $10.50. Not super cheap, but it was totally a "Calgary in year 2000 pricing!" moment. Amazing. 

You know what else is amazing? The lack of TVs.This is such an awesome little place tucked away in a great part of the city!  They have great beer and food!  Their seasonal beers like Cherry Porter are awesome!  And they have so many different kinds of food that it appeals to everyone you're going with.  Another great thing is there is plenty of parking, and the building is just so different from most other places.  Oh, and the prices are super reasonable.
You have to try it!We've been going here for years now and don't intend on stopping. This place is an excellent representation of what craft beer in Calgary SHOULD be like. Read: it shouldn't be stuffy/upscale/overly trendy. Wild Rose's brewpub is casual, intimate, fun.

The beer has only become better over the years with more and more exciting and innovative seasonal brews.  The food is incredible, perfectly complementing the beer. There is no deep fryer, nor should there be one!  They make a mean blue cheese salad dressing, and the beer cured salmon gravlax is delicious. Haven't had issues with anything on their menu.

Service is always extremely prompt and friendly. No snooty beer enthusiast attitude here.  Recommend taking the $14 tour on Saturdays at 1pm which gets you a beer, a mug, and a very educational and fun tour of the brewery along with some beer history.  And no, there's no TV here. The focus is on good beer and good conversation and it really works. Did I mention this place is built into an aircraft hangar?

If you're planning a weekend, grab a party pig. These innovative little guys keep beer fresh for months.

Must try beers: Oatmeal Stout, and whatever their seasonal brew is! Some notable past and recurring seasonals are the Imperial IPA and Cherry Porter.I finally got around to actually staying in at Wild Rose, as opposed to popping by for a six pack when in the area. 
Last night I ended up at Wild Rose for dinner with a pal around 7. It was bustling and friendly and warm, but not so busy that we couldn't find a table to sit, glad we went earlier on a Saturday night. Upon sitting down, I asked our server about the seasonal ale for the autumn, and she brought me over a taster of the Marzen. I ordered said brew immediately, and it came in a 20 oz mug with a handle. It felt majestic or medieval or something. But mostly just cozy. This Marzen was a delightful little lager. Copper in colour, crisp and clean, but at the same time warming and somehow toasty. 
Additionally, I ordered the veggie chili, and subbed out the jalapeno cheddar corn bread (I've heard it's amazing, but alas, I don't want the vegan police up in my grill). Instead, our server brought me two nice slices of foccacia bread with the chili, which was wonderful. The chili was tasty, alllll kinds of beans, including green beens, which I liked because I am not a fan of just kidney beans. I would definitely order it again, but I noticed there are also other veggie friendly things on the menu which makes me happy, that it is not the only option. The menu prices were very reasonable, a pint of beer and my order of chili rang me in to about $15. My pal had some greens (as a general rule I don't eat most salads in restaurants because I make them better at home. Plus I hate how everyone thinks that is the only option for vegans), and the Potato, Cheddar, IPA soup which she claimed was delicious, and this is a picky eater/drinker who haaaates IPA, and comes to Wild Rose only for "the raspberry one." 
Angelo already brought this up, but I adore how Wild Rose does not have deep dryers in house. I feel like this challenges the conception a lot of people may have about "pub food." I can tell their menu is very intentional, and pairs well with all of their microbrew offerings. 
I will be back!SO great. Velvet Fog. So good.
If you haven't visited Wild Rose, fake a cold and leave work right now.

For real. 

So exciting to have a local company that produces so many solid products and the environment of the brewery itself is fantastic.We absolutely love the beer at WR Brewery!  We quite frequently pick up a Party Pig for party or get together.  It's a great idea, no preservatives and it lasts 4-6 weeks in your fridge!  Fave flavours are Wraspberry Ale and Velvet Fog!Excellent beer and atmosphere. The bartenders are typical in that they are always insanely busy and don't chit chat.

The clientele when I went were mostly low to mid 20's, probably because of the bar's proximity to Mount Royal College and the residences. Makes an old fart like me feel even older :|

I wouldn't hesitate to return; especially for their yummy beer!It is impossible not to give Wild Rose Taproom 5 stars because their beer is so darn good.
... the fact that they serve food as well is just a bonus on top of those 5 stars.

I don't want to compare, but when I first tried a Wild Rose beer, I could not believe the flavour I had been missing out on (unlike some other Calgary breweries, which shall not be named).

But making a visit to the Brewery/Taproom is an experience in itself.
Set in (what seems to be) an airplane hanger, the bar of the taproom looks RIGHT into where the magic happens, so you can watch a Master Brewer hard at work while you sit and enjoy the delicious labour of his hands.

I have had the pulled pork sliders, the jalapeño Mac & Cheese, the curried coleslaw and the Oatmeal Stout brownie. All very good! Like I said, it is all just a "bonus" to go with your beer.

On our visit, Jessica and I had the pleasure of seeing them boiling (is this the right word for this?) the hops while we enjoyed our meal. 
Aromas of what smelled like cut grass or green tea filled the space with it's rich "farmy" deliciousness. 
I had seen breweries before, but this was the first time I had seen the brewing in full action. Quite exciting.

It is nice to be able to see first-hand how one of my favourite breweries (ever!) produces it's fine product. The fact that I can go any time, watch it happen and enjoy a tasty meal is priceless.Had a great night out here last night with an old friend. Cosy vibrant little joint in the Currie Barracks, good food and atmosphere...beers went down like water! My fave was the pink velvet: a mixture of Wraspberry and Velvet Fog. The mahi mahi tacos and chicken cheese dip portions were huge... overall a wee gem in Garrison.. staff we prompt and friendly. My mate tells me theres some chill jams from a DJ on Sunday's... hence we will be back then !My friends and I adore Wild Rose Brewery.  We go to the brewery once a week to chat over great beer and great food.  My favourite beers there are the WRaspberry and whatever their seasonal beer is - especially the cherry porter. 

We've taken a brewery tour of the place and really enjoyed the experience.  Their beer is so fresh and not made with hop extract but with real hops.  Their WRaspberry beer is made with real raspberries as well which is why the flavour is so subtle.

The food there is also fresh, and delicious - the kind of food you want on a cold day.   They offer beer pairings for the food as well which makes the dining experience even better.  

We frequently fill up our keg pig as well for large or small social gatherings - they are a great size and keep the beer carbonated and tasty right until the keg pig is finished.I have no idea why this place is the most popular and visited brewery in town.  It's large and noisy, it's super crowded.  The food choices are not great, and the beer is not good.

What's to like?

We took an Uber here and managed to snag the last two seats at a large family style table, shoved up against a wall so we could face and shout at each other to talk.

The food menu left a lot to be desired in the way of fun pub food options.  The salads were lame, and the burger choices seemed wrote.  My wifes mushroom burger (without the bun) looked like barely an appetizer for one, and was way too expensive, even by Canadian standards.

My chili was okay, but it was too dense and bland, I don't think it even had cumin in it.

The beers were all mediocore and sub-par.  I don't think I have had such a selection of so many boring beers.

The service was passable but not friendly or quick.
I think my wife had to walk over to track down our server to get our check as she never came back to check on us.

So yea...I really don't know what we were missing but this place was not worth our visit."OK MAGGOTS!!  I ORDER YOU TO DROP INTO THAT SEAT AND DRINK A BEER!!"  screams Drill Seargent Beer-y McBeer-a-lot.
....   "ummm....ok," i reply.
"UMMM....OK, WHAT?!?"
....  "ok, sir?"  i'm scared at this point.

I then drink my beers with a straight back, fresh crew cut, and military precision.

************************
Ok, it wasn't like that at all, but when I went to Wild Rose Brewery with my sister, Ari G., we were surprised to find this cool brewery in a military Quonset hut.  I was prepared to drop and give the beer maiden 20 push-ups if I was so commanded....as long as a Wild Rose Sampler soon followed!  The location definitely makes this brewery/pub unique!

It was a nice summer day.  The roll-up door was rolled up, and we grabbed a table inside---although the patio seating outside beckoned.  We liked it in here.  The joint was busy, but chill.  Loved the old B&W military photos.  Also liked looking at all the foreign beer bottles displayed around the dining area (we liked looking for breweries we'd been to).

On to the beer---with names like "Alberta Crude Oatmeal Stout", "S.O.B.", & Wrasberry Ale, I knew I was in for a creative treat.  I, of course, went with a sampler.  My sister maid me look like a pansy and went with a tall cold 20 oz. pint.  The beers were oh so tasty, and helped throw us into the festive spirit of our fellow Albertans.  We were also lucky to meet Calgary Yelp Ambassador Wendy P here.  I wish I tried her beer concoction:  1/2 Wrasberry Ale & 1/2 Velvet Fog (sounds scrumptious!).

For a beer sponge, I had a plate of pulled pork sliders.  They were ok, nothing to Yelp about.  They served their purpose and helped soak up the alcohols.  

It was cool to find a cool brewery like this in Calgary.  I'm a fan!A - List. Highly Recommended. Not Just A Place For Beer - Superb Beer. Amazing Food (definitely not your regular pub food!!). Excellent Pricing. Very Cool Space. Friendly & Folksy Atmosphere. Absolutely No Plasma Televisions Anywhere!!!!!!!! Woot Woot! If you have friends coming in from out of town, take them to the Wild Rose Brewery in the Currie Barracks, next to the Farmers Market. It is one of the gems of the city!!! AWESOME!!!It's fun because of what it used to be.The seasonal lager starts tomorrow!I hate how this place is a Venus fly trap. Their beer is yum and it's hard to leave, particularly if I've been here a long time and maybe my legs don't work so good kuz it's drunk out. Just the worst.The altbier is awesome!I am here on Friday, the most awesome wild rose tap room day, to celebrate my friend's birthday. And Hair Model Dale is not. He's probably off doing something cooler and yelpier. But he's missing out! Him and his hair.IPA and veggie chile, plus all kinds of interesting people to chat up.  Nothing too wrong with that.They got gazpacho!  And it's good.  And they have AF23.Nice tour ! Way more intricate than I thought!Current Seasonal: Regal Black Lager. #BeerCrushVeggie chile and an IPA, it's pretty awesome.This place ROCKS!Super busy on Friday afternoons, what with the cask and all. Come early, come often!Altbier + veggie chile + smart conversation = a great time!Veggie chile nom nomz. Alas, no AF23 and no kolsch. But the ipa is awesome as usual!Party pig!The ponderosa gose is pretty good if that's your thing.Can I really say I don't like this place? I'm the duke! I didn't make it what it is, but I like it, it's chill. One might as well pop in and enjoy it every so often while it's here, because its days are numbered.Good food. Good people. No TVs. Good beer. The odd whiny d-bag but they still serve me so I guess that's acceptable!1/2 pint Wraspberry mixed with 1/2 pint velvet fog = deliciousThey took the vegan chili off the menu. Dicks.Good nachos and beer selection.Definitely have the flight sampler. Great for 2 people :)Cherry Porter exclusive!If you're #gf #celiac there's salad w/lemon wedges, chips & salsa, a sort of charcuterie plate, & 1 main, no bread or beans. Even the Gravlax has beer. But there's great #local AB soda!!Happy beer day!Cherry porter is ready for consumption!Good beer. Great food. Friendly people. Would come back.It's like Cheers with great beer, decent food and all kinds of interesting people. And no TVs or excessively loud music. And hot wait staff lolOrder a party pig from them for a get together or holiday and have a tasty fresh brewed beer for your guests.AF23 is a fricking good beer!  Drink early drink often.  :-)  responsibly of course.Check out the Seasonal Beers, for instance the Cherry Porter around Christmas time.New seasonal on tap: Belgian Dubbel. Delicious, like a dry Leffe.Czech pilsner seasonal on tapBelgian IPA gonna smash my hop in! FTWGot a pig of Belgian IPA! Short term special go get oneEven open in the Winter!I'm the designated driver. Flat bread was great.Still my favourite place to drink a great local beer for many years!Food is deadly! Beer is epicAsk if you can combine beers to create a unique beer experience!I love this place and my buddy Steve is awesome...! Cheers!!These are not beer :)Get the duck tacos, and pair them with a light, maybe even a fruit-forward beerGreat staff amazing beerGreat brews! Their "craft" dinner and meaty chili are to die for! Great service, atmosphere and food.

We were looking for a different restaurant to try in the city and came across Briggs on the Yelp App.  4 stars?  More than 80+ reviews?  We're in.

Briggs did not disappoint.  From the moment we were seated, we were treated with impeccable service.  Granted, this was a weekday evening so it was not completely full at all, but even still, everything was well executed.

Apparently their lobster mac and cheese is no longer on the menu, but has been replaced by something "better" - the Rock Crab & Ricotta Gnocchi - so we ordered it and it was delicious.  

I ordered the Josper Half Chicken on a whim with broccoli on the side.  While the ingredients appeared, everything on the plate just stood out.  The chicken was succulent and even the broccoli has a great grill taste to it.  

4 stars.  Will be back to try other dishes.Lunchtime is always a great time to check out a new restaurant, it's a fantastic time to sample your meal at a much lower cost than a full out dinner... and helps you decide whether you'll come back to spend more of your hard earned money!

Good news for Briggs, I will be back! I quite enjoyed my lunch last week.

The menu caters to both food sharers and non-food sharers. So, if you have friends that aren't into the whole "let's taste each others food" thing, there are still plenty of options!

For the record, I'm a sharer.

We shared:
- deviled eggs. They were made with mushrooms and bacon. Such a fun twist on this old-school fave!
- sausage. These were locally-made. They were pretty good, but didn't stand out to me.
- lobster mac'n cheese. So good! I think this was my fave dish. It comes with edamame beans too. It added a bit of crunch to the texture.
- Salmon sliders. Thankfully pretzel buns haven't been overdone yet. I quite enjoyed the pickled cucumber and "tartare" mayo on these. Bonus: You can order them by the slider!

One thing to be wary of, the acoustics aren't great. On a Tuesday lunch, it wasn't that busy, but the room was already quite loud. I can see it being hard to hear the rest of your party when the room is more full.went here for brunch a few months ago...

why I'm a fan:

1. sexy interior, I did not use the bathroom, however,and so I am not sure if the bathroom was sexy as well
2. not "narrow/ cramped" like many good brunch places in yyc
3. you can make reservations, again seems quite rare
4. their food selection was solid, crepes and perogies were on my list! (with several good looking morning "adult" beverages as well)
5. friendly, efficient service

lost one star for portion size, but I will still come back!

apparently they have a solid dinner menu and private room for those big parties you always want to hold, but are not sure of the best venue....Lobster poutine!! It's expensive but we're glad we tried it. The lobster on it was actually a nice change from the regular poutine. 

We ordered some drinks- the strawberry pisco was okay. It wasn't sour enough. We saw 2 couples order the tomahawk and really wanted that but wasn't hungry. Next time!Can't here for my brothers bday dinner.

Parking 5/5 lots of parking but is $6 for 2 hours 

Environment 5/5 place is very spacious , clean and the noise wasn't too loud.

Service 5/5 the service was phenomenal our server was friendly , she checked up on us and made sure we enjoyed our dinner. Even the manager came out to see if we had a good time. It's been awhile since I've had great service like this! 

Food 5/5 the food was also great ! We had ceaser salad my favourite! The whole chicken and the steak. Lobster mac & cheese and everything was perfect . 


I defiantly recommend this place to everyone!I recently visited Briggs for the first time.  Overall, I was pleased with the menu and atmosphere, but thought there could have been some improvements to the food and service.  

I had the short ribs and charred broccolini - the short ribs had a lot of fat on them and were served on top of something that to be honest I couldn't tell if it was potatoes or more fat.  I love broccolini, but served charred (ie. burnt) does not taste good at all.  They also have a limited selection of spirits and do not stock a full bar.  Our server was very nice and funny, but the service was on the slow side.  The redeeming factor was the lemon pie.  Big enough to share with another person, it was sooooo good!

There were small kids in the restaurant, which I was surprised at because I personally don't think Briggs has a child-friendly menu or vibe.

Overall, I liked the atmosphere, so could give Briggs another chance, but personally I wouldn't recommend the menu items noted above, except  for the lemon pie of course!Brand new place that opened yesterday for a soft opening.  The chef either won Top Chef Canada or was a top contender or something. The menu is packed with Canadian classics with a bit of a French twist (which is still Canadian I guess).  I wanted to try everything on the menu it all looked so damn good.  I ended up trying the calamari and the lobster ravioli...both were awesome and the ravioli was made fresh with huge chunks of lobster inside.  The calamari was fresh as can be and lightly breaded (good sign in my opinion).  

The other people at my table had chicken wings (made in their crazy-expensive Josper Hardwood Charcoal Oven, imported from Spain), the halibut sandwich, lobster poutine, and a prosciutto flatbread.  Everyone raved about their food and the poutine was especially good because they use special potatoes and cheese curds from Quebec (Kenebec maybe?)   The halibut was very fresh and perfectly cooked (a bit oily but still delicious) and the chicken wings were nicely cooked (crispy but meaty) so there were no complaints anywhere.

It's located directly under Japanese Village (assah) and the place is kind of a rustic/modern bar and grill type of atmosphere.  Waitresses were friendly and on-the-ball and the GM came over to make sure that we were satisfied with everything.  All in all I hope this place doesn't get too popular because I'll definitely be heading back as soon as I can!I have to say this restaurant's atmosphere is good. My friend and i ordered three meals. I've uploaded the photos.Did the tasting menu (45 a person for 5 courses). Dont do it if youre fussy about your food but if you can just relax and let the chef do his absolute best, you will have an incredible time. There was no hipster/weird food combinations on our menu that afternoon but it was all definitely still unique and cooked to perfection. 

Unlike other sitdown/date nighty restaurants in the city, the service quality didn't immediately tank once we didn't order drinks, which I really appreciate. I'm someone who does drink sometimes and doesn't other times, and so I get a great variety of service from people, but I feel bad for my parents (teetotalers) who always seem to get shit service just because they dont order wine with everything. So a very special thank you to the Briggs staff for letting them feel like "normal" valued diners.It had been a few years since I've been here so I thought I'd update my review.  It goes from a 4-star to a 5-star review all thanks to the great service from Mitchell, our server that night.  

Ordered the half-chicken, cauliflower, mixed greens, calamari and the cheesecake for dessert.  The chicken was cooked well and it came with some really great fries.  The cauliflower was good and had a hint of curry for taste.  I really loved the mixed greens. I'm not a huge salad fan but I'd eat this every day.  The calamari was just OK.  I've had better... it was highly breaded and the breading fell apart a lot.

The menu will have something for everyone.  The food is well prepared and there are items great for sharing in large groups.  What really excelled was the service I got as soon as I walked into the door.  People greeted me and I instantly felt like they wanted me there.  Our server, Mitchell was fantastic.  He was quite helpful with our menu choices and answered all our questions. He found answers right away if he needed to ask and he was always attentive to our needs (allergies and sensitivities to dairy).

Mitchell made the experience great.  I would definitely go back and ask to be seated at one of his tables again!Food is exceptional and cocktails are top notch and show craftsmanship and care! Would recommend to try.Myself and 2 gf's met for dinner here a couple nights ago, I will call us the Calgary Tripod lol. After a quick Yelp search I came across this beauty, and suggested it to the tripod, we all agreed it would be a great new place for us to try in yyc!

Service : 
Nothing short of amazing. Upon arriving, I was greeted with warmth and a smile. We had reservations and I was early, but I was seated right away; although the restaurant was quite busy. Our waitress was incredibly nice, and very attentive to us, and all her tables. She was knowledgable of the menu and was honest with her recommendations. I wish I caught her name, I will call her Red lol (her hair was a really pretty red colour). The manager, Corey, was very attentive & engaging to all tables around the restaurant too, that's always such a nice touch. I honestly love that, very hands on. He was good-humoured and genuine, so that definitely added to the experience. :). 

*side note: the fact that they have a few dishes on the menu that "give back" to the community, that's simply so special. It gives a whole new remarkable addition to the experience. We loved hearing about it, and this fact alone makes me a repeat customer.*

Taste : 
Wow. Where the heck do I even begin. K, HAND ROLLED PASTA *dropsmic* lol Enough said, right?! . Wow . It was FANTASTIC. I had the hand rolled pasta with broccolini & chicken in a garlic cream sauce. All of the pasta is home made!  My noodles were a little thicker than fettuccini, & so fresh omg they were perfect. The cream sauce had such fantastic depth of flavour, it wasn't too rich, and Jst so On point. The broccolini was very green and "al denté", clearly they were treated right and cooked to perfection. I won't lie tho, my chicken in the pasta was a tad overcooked. They were rather small pieces, so I can see how they can over cook easily. . That's my Only criticism for this dish, but everything else about it was so beyond perfect I really can't complain. It's still what I'll be ordering next time I go, I have pure love for that dish, which it was actually Red's main recommendation! One of my gf's had the local sausage appy dish.. It came with 2 different types of sausage, pickled veg, & grainy mustard. Them sausages were so succulent, juicy, & flavourful .. I want more sausage. Seriously. lol. My Pig ordered the pesto fresh angel hair pasta: noodles fab, of course, but as per her comment, "sauce needed a little more flavour", she says. I didn't try, I was too infatuated with my dish.. And sausage Hahha  so I can't quite comment lol. We ordered one desert, and it was delicious. Very mesmeric and I couldn't wait to try.. I will touch on that more in my "Overall experience"..

Presentation : 
Presentation of the plating was simply delightful. It was creative, clean, and strategic. Incredibly aesthetically pleasing to the eye, and just as delicious. Presentation of the restaurant: Definitely clean cut and up kept very nicely. It's a new place with some character to it, with alluring decor and inviting style. We approve! :)


Atmosphere : 
Very charming atmosphere, the crowd this place lures in is definitely an attractive one. Well dressed, "white collar" type of crowd. The dim dinner set lighting, and classy look to the place, made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. Music was at a perfect volume too, not bothersome or intrusive at all. Ambiance on point, I must say ;P. 

Overall experience : 
My overall experience was so close to 5 star, I would say a 4.75. I almost feel like I have to doc something (even if it's jst .25) for being mislead about the pumpkin cheesecake in the desert menu hahha . Although, as I mentioned, the desert was incredibly good and Presentation was fabulous , I was still expecting one thing and got another. I'm only mentioning because I'm just a human being roaming this earth obsessed with cheesecake Hahaha .  I truly KNOW my cheesecake, making fab cheesecake literally runs in my family ok lol . So my only constructive criticism would be to change the name of the pumpkin "cheesecake" to pumpkin "pie". I would have suggested maybe adding some cream cheese to the filling to make it a cheesecake, at least texturally, but the crumble on the outside was resemblant to a pie crust crumble .. So it still would have that pie feel to it tbh lol therefore, quickest fix : change the menu name lol. Regardless, that's so minor in comparison to the overall experience, needless to say, I will be back. And I cannot wait for that pasta again. 

M.M.The Brigg's Quad Monster is not on the menu. If you want a burger.deserve a burger or just need a burger. Order any combination of great toppings and number of patties.you feel the day requires. EnjoyDelicious food and excellent service, what more could you want?!?! The chicken pot pie and the fried halibut sandwich were terrific. The all-star had to be the lobster poutine. Highly recommend getting the lobster poutine even though it is a little pricey for an appetizer, but it's a large portion and so worth it. The strawberry pisco sour was perfectly made and delicious.Went there tonight for the first time - moving to Bragg Creek has meant it's been harder to get out with dogs waiting at home. 

Showed up at just before six, there was room. They don't take reservations for parties less than 8. 

Decor: sadly, it's standard Calgary "new restaurant" style. Failing in the same way Vancouver did a few years back with all their "west coast" design. There are TV's.....which take this place from "could've been a decent bistro" to pub category. 

Staff: again, sadly, jeans & t-shirts. I really wish there was somewhere to go in Calgary that made people feel like dressing up a bit and having a "pretty" night out. Kind of getting uber disappointed with the jeans thing. Clothing is expression, as much as food is....I wish some type of something was initiated by new restaurants. 

Food: Fast, hot, creative. Had the braised cauliflower with curry oil, mushrooms, ratatouille & calamari. All done well but a bit salty all around. The veggie ratatouille was uber salty - reported to the kitchen. In-house flatbread was great. 

Drinks: millstreet organic beer, old fashioned. The beer was on draft & good, the old fashioned's were mixed well. A bit too much ice and a ilttle shy of bourbon however, tasty. 

It all came out to around $70 before taxes & tip. Pretty fair pricing considering the diggs. 

Not sure we will go back however, would recommend people try it out for themselves. 

Good to see new businesses, just wish they would try a little harder in thinking outside the box for actual facility design.Everything is good on a sunny patio with bird sounds instead of angry monotonous hip hop as background. Based on the recommendation of a friend I took 2 friends for Sunday brunch, and ordered the short rib gnocchi. The short ribs melted in my mouth. My companions enjoyed their waffles and crabmeat dishes, all nicely served. Good to see different brunch menu items. That lobster poutine was tempting2 people walked into a bar, the first one hit his head and the second went straight to the kitchen to do the dishes. 3 starsFood, service, atmosphere...  everything was outstanding!!  

Right from the start our server Tony was very helpful, recommending great menu items, and answering any questions that we had.  We started off with two speciality drinks (dark + old fashioned and greg's marg) matched with the Ratatouille + Chips.  After our starter, and when we thought things couldn't get much better, out came our entrees.  The 8" Beef Short Rib is what food dreams are made of - and if you are in the mood for a good burger, look no further than 100% Chuck Burger, two patties covered in cheese, with the add in grilled mushrooms tucked neatly between.  Tony did a fabulous job at paring a perfect Malbec to the Short Rib.  To top of the evening, we finished with the Lemon Pie - the perfect combination of just enough lemony taste and meringue.  100% across the board!!  Thank you for a wonderful evening!Very nice restaurant where we went with a group of ten people. 

The good: Service was very nice. Had the "Briggs experience", on which you tasted everything (very good idea). Group room had a tv on which we could watch sports. Food is terrific! 

The bad: When door was open (or not closed properly), it was very loud. Bathroom small. Meat is rare, so if you like it done you might be disappointed. Forgot to ask me for a drink (although asked everyone else). Can be expensive.

The bads are very minor as good service and great food makes it a nice experience.When my girlfriend and I arrived, we were greeted immediately by a staff at the front door.
Andrew, our waiter, provided amazing service and hospitality. 
He went above and beyond thats all I can say. 
The tomahawk is a must get, it took about  30minutes roughly but we were informed before hand that the steak will take that long to be prepared. 
When the steak arrived I saw almost perfection in how they cooked it. In addition, the steak came with additional sides complements(mushrooms/salsa/lettuce/(side ordered fries ~ sorry folks does not come with the steak!),
Words cannot describe how satisfied my girlfriend and I were at the end of the night. 
Thank you Andrew! 
Overall: Friendly attitude & service + amazing steak & food! (Tomahawk!)Terrific. If you like lobster rolls, get one. It might be the best I've ever had. My friend got the Halibut sandwich, and loved it as well. Jalapeño garlic sauce. Believe the hype.Went for dinner and wine. I had the gnocchi and my partner had a steak, both were good! We had the basic Pinot Grigio wine and it was actually very good and not overly dry. Service was also great. 

Cool decor and atmosphere. Will return!Overall we really enjoyed our experience here. However we wouldn't be quick to rush back for a more intimate dinner since we found the copious number of sports TVs took away from would could have been a more upscale/romantic/on trend ambiance. Good food and an even better drink menu.I have read many a good review on Briggs and have friends who love it here.
I was left wanting a bit more.
Atmosphere was ok, music was played at a decent level throughout. We noted a few young kids in the dining room that were NOT happy to be there. Makes for a different type of dining experience.
At one point the kitchen decided to clean their oven during dinner and this was a horrible stench. Do not do this to your customers, please!
The kitchen is open style which I like but there was one creepy line cook that just stared at everything moving in the dining room and I did not see him cook or prep one thing!
That aside, our server was great, eager and did his best. He was knowledgeable on the menu and had recommendations. 
No sweet wines at all here, bummer.  
We came into downtown for Poutine Week on a whim and I had already pre-determined that I was getting the Newfs Poutine. Hubby had looked at the menu before we went and had decided on the Paella. (this not a true Spanish dish but their version of a Paella) He was happy with his dish for $14 and would get it again. Love the hot little pans the food comes in! Nice presentation. I had not known before coming that this restaurant was Tapas style for "shared plates". The food will come out at different times.
For $17 I had expected a bit more lobster in my dish and for my fries not to come out burned. The charcoal burn of the fries coated my mouth but I ate what I could, enjoying the lighter fries underneath and the cream sauce. (See pics) Server did offer to redo them but I declined... he did acknowledge that some dishes come out better than others.
I was not blown away here but would return, perhaps with a group and would try something different.
Not a date place apparently as we were told we had come on a quieter night and usually people cannot hear themselves talk over the noise when packed. Was also told they do serve lunch.
Props to the manager Amanda who met us on our way out and bought us a drink at the bar.  
For beer drinkers if you like reds, hubby recommends the local Tool Shed.
We had a wonderful ending to an OK overall experience.A girlfriend and I hit up Briggs for brunch one day, and we were quite pleased!

The space is very much like a Craft/National/Midtown. Think rustic, open ceilings, etc. Yawn. Okay, lets move on from that. Oh but they do have nice chairs and stuff. 

Our server was a jovial, funny guy who almost talked a bit too much, but that kept me giggling. He got us coffee, water, etc on time and was on the ball.

We ordered the breakfast perogies and the corn flakes crusted french toast to share. Both were SO GOOD! The perogies came in a skillet, and it was a very large portion. The french toast was amazing too! Crispy on the outside, but soft and sweet on the inside. Perfect!!

I will definitely visit Briggs again for lunch / dinner. This was a great first experience :)Great double cheeseburger and Cobb salad. Lobster cheese curd French fries were delicious. Excellent, friendly service.The short ribs were delicious. Tender, flavorful and filling. Definitely try some of the cocktails, there was one called Cowboy something. (Forget the name, but a great combination of Wild Turkey, peach schnapps and some citrus in the mix).If you're looking for quality ingredients, big flavors, and plenty of options for sharing Briggs is a great choice! Almost everything on the menu is made to share, so you can try a bit of everything. Their potato tic-tacs are addictive in all the right ways!Have been looking forward to visiting for awhile. Reservations were made and excitement building. An hour before dinner we were given tickets to see a hockey game and not sure if we could make dinner and a game work. 

We decided to show up a bit early, explained our dilemma and what happened next blew our minds. Our family of four was in and out within an hour. Fed, treated like superstars and made to feel awesome, but never rushed. Everything really was awesome that night.

I partook in The Big Taste offering for dinner. Hubs had a burger (so delicious), and kids shared a few plates. The food was extraordinary. The service bar none. There were several people (staff) coming to the table, taking away empty plates, assisting and doing what every restaurant should be doing....working as a team. And not just our table, all the tables.

Seriously awestruck at the service and food. If I could give 10 stars I would. Coming back soon.After 3 days in Calgary, I was beginning to give up on quality food here.  Finally, I decided to try Briggs.  I wasn't disappointed at all.  The smoked wings were great.  That smoky, sweet, spicy, charred exterior just kept me wanting more.  My Lobster Spatz 'n cheese looked small when it arrived at the table, I was ready to complain.  However, it was packed in there and pretty dense.  I couldn't even quite finish it all. The lobster was cooked perfectly and added just the right touch to the mac n cheese underneith.  My gf go the lettuce wraps and absolutely loved them.  I would like to thanks Briggs Kitchen for allowing me to leave Calgary on a happy stomach.This place has such a great atmosphere, and provides wonderful service.

Atmosphere: It is a loud, casual, fun place to get together on a date, or with some friends. It is both modern and industrial looking! 

Food: The food was on-par. Everything was pretty delicious, but I do have to say the best thing we had on their menu was their cheesy broccoli! It had a wonderful charred flavour, with cheesy deliciousness!!! TRY IT! :)

Service: This is my favourite aspect of Briggs. The service was great. There was never a moment where we didn't have a drink in our hands, or were left wondering where our server was!

Good place to try! Check it out.Great place for more than just a dinner for 2. Really lively with lots going on especially on a Saturday night....but that's what you want in a restaurant. The food was really good and tasty but really if you have anything that is seasoned well and has loads of butter on it, its bound to taste good! Tomahawk Chop and mushroom ravioli were my favs, oh and the brussel sprouts too! Go try it...its pretty darn good!Phenomenal food
Great service

I went with the Josper Wings and the Chicken Pot Pie. Both were absolutely delicious.Absolutely love this place.  A little bit on the pricy side, but the food is delcious.  I came by here back in September, and, by myself, I was a little too intimidated to get the newf's poutine.  9 months later, here I am and I've finally had it.  And it was worth the wait!

The lowdown?
 - Newf's poutine.  Crab + lobster + poutine.  How could you go wrong?  Absolutely delicious, and worth getting if you've got a group to eat it with.  Or if you just want it all to yourself, no judging.
 - Braised short rib.  Ridicuously huge dish - unbelievably tender on-the-bone short rib on a potato pancake.  It's a lot of food, so come hungry!  I really loved this.

My friend also got the rock crab gnocchi, which was also fantastic.  I'd never had gnocchi before, but I think I'll be trying it more!The food here was delicious. The reason for 4 stars vs 5 is the cocktails. There one of two old fashions that actually had bourbon was not good at all. They didn't have mint so they couldn't make a mint julep or mojito & no ginger beer for Moscow mules. However the poutine fries were to die for. The skillet mushrooms were great. The sliders were very flavorful. Great food. Have wine.So I'd never heard of this place but my friend from Houston decided that we should have a girls night out and this was her chosen dinner venue.  When we went it had only been open a week but I'm a little behind on the review writing because I've had many similar girls nights since then.

You know the type of night I'm talking about....where you start at the National down the street for post-work drinks and probably have a few too many before you continue on to your dinner reservation where you have a bit more wine before leaving for more booze down the street.  You know the type of night I'm talking about RIGHT?

Anyways, on to Briggs.  Would you believe we arrived a tad boozy?  

The server was new but did a great job helping us pick out a some wine.  The rest of the girls ordered some appy's before their mains but I was trying to be healthy so I stuck with a salad and copious amounts of booze.  Soooooo responsible right?  Vegetables absorb alcohol like nobody's business.

Long story short, we had a great time, the food was tasty, and the server was cute and competent.  Winning all around!

Bottom line - boozy or not, give them a try.The small plate menu is fantastic, many options and all of decent size portions. I went with one other person and we order lots of little things in order to try as much as possible. We ordered the chicken wings (unbelievably delicious), brisket sliders (tasty, good beef to bun ratio), beets and balsamic (best beets in Calgary thus far), roasted cauliflower (excellent flavor), potato tic tacs (not good- lacked in flavor and texture), sausage and mustard (nothing special), and the chuch burger with poutine (the burger was fabulous, poutine was disappointing- not a lot of gravy).

I would go back and recommend that you visit. For sure try the wings, beets and burger!!The mushroom ravioli, old fashioned and white wine I tried were a perfect accompaniment to a lowkey conversation. The server was attentive and very casual and relatable. I would definitely return to this spot again as its location is very good too. Plenty of artsy stores surrounding and very close walk to 17th avenue as well. You can finish lunch or dinner at Briggs and then head to coffee at Philosafy coffee shop if you want.Killer dinner and great atmosphere. Waitstaff and manager were great. Had the short rib, Newfs poutine (lobster) and wings. Wings were ok, the poutine was a 10, short rib was a 10 (only wish the hash browns were crispier). Sat by the kitchen and watched them bring out some other dishes we want to try next time.Thank you Yelp!!

I was staying in downtown Calgary for work and was looking for a local place to try for dinner that wasn't going to break the bank. I looked at what was kind of near where I was staying and Briggs seemed to stick out. Definitely the right choice. I came with my boss and we looked over the menu and COULD NOT decide. We ended up getting a few dishes to share and each one was fantastic. The beets: amazing, the beans: amazing, the paella: AMAZING!!
The service was also really friendly and the servers were quick to tell us what their favorite dishes are and provide suggestions. 

Next time I stay downtown I will definitely be back to try more off the menu!I am hoping that this establishment welcomes a little constructive criticism because I am really rooting for them to make it - as unfortunately they have some pretty stiff competition on the same block. First off- I tip my hat to the service as it was excellent. The staff is very knowledgeable and incredibly helpful if you are like me and appreciate an entrée suggestion and the perfect wine to pair with it. Also, they are very friendly, attentive and in our case quite humorous. The ambiance is just right - modern and stylish without being pretentious. And a menu that sounds so mouthwatering that it leaves one wondering, "What in the world should I have?! So many delicious choices." Oh! And before I forget, I should add an impressive selection of generous sharing plates. How's that for a rising action? However, our table was disappointed that the climax of this food story was anticlimactic. Remember how I said that when you read the menu the food sounds so mouthwatering? Well, it was, how I like to say, "Just meh." Alot of hype for poor execution of the actual food itself. I was okay with my entrée of the Skuna Bay Salmon (carrot ginger butter, spinach & barley risotto) but my palette felt underwhelmed by it. The risotto was the highlight of the dish- not the actual salmon itself. And at their price, the entire plate should have sang. I also got a chance to taste the Bone In Pork Belly and with the description of a maple braise one would think it would be sweet - but Holy Moly! Was it ever salty! Couldn't even taste the maple. And the guest sitting across from us also had the same complaint for the same dish! And even worse, his was cold to the touch as he vocalized it and I watched the look of displeasure on his face as he literally touched the pork after not immediately trusting his taste-buds after his first bite. He was probably like me, wishing it to be better. Seemed the general consensus all around when a table does the after-dinner-review and asks the inevitable question, "How was your food?", everyone had the same answer, "It was...alright." Yikes! That '...' will get you every time! And we were celebrating a birthday - so there were 17 of us this time. Another plus for the staff, they were hospitable and extremely organized when it came time to settle up. Honestly, it was only due to the service why I feel like I want to give it a second chance. But forget the 'Three Strikes You're Out' rule. If I leave there feeling like again it was "Just meh." I will just continue to go a few 
doors down the block.You had me at "lobster poutine."

During a recent trip to Calgary, I made it my personal mission to sample as much poutine as possible (being a clueless American who had never before tried this Canadian delicacy).  When I saw the lobster poutine on Briggs Kitchen's Yelp page, I knew I had to stop in for dinner.

The restaurant space is really nice - there's a huge bar in the center of the room and plenty of surrounding tables.  I was digging the background music - I think they were literally playing the Guardians of the Galaxy soundtrack, lots of 80s songs.  Nice ambience.

Obviously, I ordered the lobster poutine, and also a bowl of their "Paella Royale."  I also got some smoked mushrooms on the side because a growing boy's gotta have his veggies.

The lobster poutine was just as excellent as I was hoping for!  Perfect amount of cheese curds, crispy fries that weren't soggy, and some nice chunks of lobster meat.  The gravy was really tasty as well - it seemed kind of like a melted cheese/gravy hybrid and really tied everything together.  Worth every single calorie.

The Paella was not very good.  I felt like they skimped on the seafood and meat pretty badly.  The flavors were fine and the little bits of seafood that were there tasted great.  But you're paying a lot of money for essentially a glorified rice bowl.

At least the smoked mushrooms were a hit!  They came with a perfectly runny egg, chunks of bacon, and melted parmesan cheese.  Nice smoky flavor too - glad I ordered this as a side.

The service was pretty solid and everyone was very friendly.  I think I had 3 or 4 people check up on me throughout the night.  Definitely very attentive.

OVERALL: 4/5.  Didn't really like my paella, but everything else was wonderful!  That lobster poutine may have been my favorite out of all the different poutine variants I tried during my trip.  Great restaurant for dinner and drinks.We found the bar on the Yelp and so we came here for a brave try. First we've ordered the lobster poutine, it made with the fresh materials, the sauce was really good. But unfortunately the fries has been over cooked that made the cover of the fries became black. The curry chicken tasted tender and delicious also with thousands leaves greens in it and that was really a portion! Then at last it came with the dessert, I followed the recommend from our table server, that is 'White Chocolate Mousse'. You may should have try the dessert, as its fine and smooth top. The service here is outstanding.  I like the environment with the warm light everywhere here.Arrived on a sunny weekday in late September to find their patio was still open - what a bonus! A great little spot in the sun made us feel as though it were still summer.

Service was great, cocktails delicious (and decently priced) and the food was good too. They easily accommodated food allergy issues.

Only gave it 4/5 as the prices are quite high for the amount of food you get. I ordered the halibut sandwich, which tasted amazing but the piece of fish was very small, barely covered half the bun! There was a very "healthy" portion of delicious fries to go along with it though.My girlfriend and I love going to Briggs Kitchen . They have friendly staff and they are extremely attentive. Even the hostess comes around to clear tables or bring water. There is none of the pretentiousness that you find at most restaurants of this caliber in the city.

I'd recommend the restaurant on the service alone, but with the quality of the food, this place is a sure bet!! Great food, amazing service at an affordable price! This place is A1!

FYI try the wings if you go in the evening and the French toast or perogie platter if you pop in for weekend brunch!

Our new favourite place in the city!I visited Briggs while on holiday in Calgary. I had the blue cheese tart and Brussels sprouts. My sister got the mushroom ravioli. Everything was incredible. The tart is light in texture yet rich in flavor and the Brussels sprouts are incredible, they demonstrate that bacon really does make everything better. The mushroom ravioli was good and hearty, excellent winter dish. Conveniently, there's a lot of winter in Calgary so make sure to try it 

Briggs has specialty drinks--I recommend the Briggs old fashioned. The bar tender Scott was new but very accommodating and pretty cute too;) definitely enjoyed the service. 

Will be back.I've been to Briggs on numerous occasions so I can honestly say I really enjoy it here. I seem to veer towards pasta on any menu so it's not a surprise that my two favourite dishes here are the lobster ravioli (they use won ton wrappers instead of traditional pasta) and their lobster mac and cheese. You can never go wrong with scallops in my eyes (which is served on a bed of leeks), and the roasted cauliflower quite unique (curry oil gives it a nice flavour). 

Make room for dessert because the Summer MLF (fresh strawberries and vanilla custard sandwiched between puff pastries) is worth the trip here alone!Service is good and very personable.
I had the paella and it was unfortunately overcooked and dry (maybe intentionally) so it did not reminded me of a good Spanish paella on flavour or texture. 
My friend had the short rib, it was good though the hash brown was way too salty. Maybe just a bad night for the chef... I'd try another place in the futureHAPPY HOUR 4PM-6PM (including weekends)!

Came here for dinner and drinks and left super buzzed and full. 

The drinks are pretty strong but also very tasty (& reasonably priced during HH!). My favorite drinks of the night were the Marg (margarita) and Mule. I also tried the old fashioned and a beer that was recommended to us by our server and you really cant go wrong in the drinks section here. 

The food here is not for anyone who is counting anything - its super heavy and the portions are pretty generous. My favorite items of the night were the lobster gnocchi and the lobster poutine! In both dishes there was a good amount of lobster and everything was tasty. Of course, we ordered more than we can handle so dinner turned into breakfast. 

Nice spot to eat if you are in the area.The Brigg's Quad Monster is not on the menu. If you want a burger.deserve a burger or just need a burger. Order any combination of great toppings and number of patties.you feel the day requires. EnjoyHonestly, the food is pretty good. I'm very displeased with how small the portion sizes are. I had the lobster Mac and cheese and it was the size of a cereal bowl. As an $18 entree, I expected more. My friends orders were the same. Even our appetizers ( that specifically say to share on the menu ) were tiny.I'm about to order the tomahawk chop! 42 oz.  Of madness! 42 oz prime rib are you freaking kidding me this is going to be epic! If y'all get the chance check this place out the food is crazy, atmosphere is dope definately worth checking out!Well, food here is pretty good. Especially their bacon (we had brunch). So thick and flavourful! The French toast was pretty good as well. However, I would prefer it not deep fried.Out for a walk and decided to stop to look at the menu. Did not even know Briggs was there.
Great selection of clever recipes. Awesome short ribs! Highly recommended. Great deserts. Friendly prompt service. Reasonable prices. I will go back.I must admit that I've only had the appetizers here on all three of my visits. But they're so good that I would rather have an appy buffet an share with friends family style than order my own meal. Portions could be a tad bigger but still very satisfying. Great place to go and hang out and indulge your munchies, would happily return again.Went to Briggs again recently for a birthday party. 

We were a pretty big group, but the waitress had no issues splitting bills for us. All she asked is that if we moved around we gave her the number she had assigned us so we got a correct bill. Easy!

People had ordered at different times so food came out as such. Got to see what everyone else ordered and all looked pretty good. The Boy and I were among the last to order as we just couldn't decide. 

Started with 2x Smoked Brisket Slider ($4 each) which was just enough to tide us over until main meals. Mainly because they tasted so delicious and we were pretty starving by that stage. Plan was to share mains.

I got the Rock Crab & Ricotta Gnocchi that came with lobster cream, pea shoots, parmesan ($19). Good and rich without being too much. The dish was filling and enjoyed every mouthful. The Boy agreed and couldn't eat his share fast enough.

The Boy decided to treat himself to 6oz Hanger Steak with cream crushed potatoes, onion gravy, smoked mushrooms ($25). He ordered it med-rare. When it came it was fully rare and not even warmed through. Let the server know who immediately took it back and had it redone for him. Second go around it was still super rare. She waited for him to check, so was on hand to take it straight back. 3rd time is the charm and it was perfect this go around.

We have had steak there before so guessing there was someone new in the kitchen. The Boy is a chef so has patience when it comes to this - all depending how a restaurant handles themselves. We were blown away. The waitress was ever courteous and pleasant, very responsive, never made us feel like we were a bother or wasting her time. Love that she waited around to check everything was ok without rushing off.

This incident could have sent our meal in the other direction, but instead shot them up to 5-stars. I am sorry to say I dont remember our waitresses name but she did an exceptional job. Thank you to her and the management in how they handled it.

And because we are gluttons we tasted everyone's dessert too. Chocolate dessert was the winner.

We will definitely be back, and next time would love to try brunch.Our waiter provided excellent service, and our party of four thoroughly enjoyed all the food that we ordered, which was eleven items,  which is almost the entire sharing menu. There was not one item that we would not order again, the calamari, shortrib, and the vegetables were all so good, and their poutine made a hit with someone that had never had poutine before. All this food cost me a little over a hundred dollars, which is pretty reasounable to me. 
Briggs is not a quiet or ramantic venue, but it is a great place to enjoy some great food, service and friends!We had the Briggs experience last night, dinner started off with some devil eggs and calamari both were good.  Calamari were smaller pieces, soft and chewy on the inside, crunchy on the outside.  Then we had lobster poutine and mushroom ravioli, the poutine was decadent not for anyone on a diet, butter on top of butter.  There's a unique taste to it.  Dinner was beef short rib, mahi mahi, and seared broccoli.  The fish was over cooked, the rib was good but didn't have the flavour you'd expect for something that's marinated over night and braised for six hours.  Highlight I would say (and the 4 of us agreed) was the ravioli.  I had the pepper tonic and that's a must try if you want a kick in your drink.  Service was good.I was recommended to try the brunch at Briggs, especially after a late night. Although recommended, I wasn't sure about Briggs as when I got there on a Saturday morning, it was quite empty except for the tiny patio that was outside. That said, the food was not bad. I had the Classic Breakfast - eggs, ratatouille, served in a cast-iron skillet. It tasted good, and was piping hot. However, it was super greasy. The ratatouille looked (and tasted) like it was soaked in black pepper and oil. Service was pretty good, as our server was very accommodating with the various split bills; but maybe it was due to the size of the restaurant and how few people there were, our server did not come back often to check in on us, offer coffee/tea/water refills, etc. Service could definitely improve. Overall, it's worth a try, but I'm not sure I would necessarily go back for brunch again. I will, however, try dinner at another time.Brigg's is an enjoyable place to go for dinner with a large group of friends. The service was good and the food was great. Especially the lobster poutine. However, the drink prices were too high and no drink deals. I would only go there for dinner. I wouldn't stay for drinks or go there for drinks.Their menu is so good, so much to choose from. I've had their burger several times, the fish sandwich (cod) several times and the delicious Chicken sandwich. All outstanding, the staff there have always been really nice and welcoming, especially when you are a return visitor. The fries a little salty, not the end of the world, but I would very much recommend Briggs.I ate there previously before finding out that I have food sensitivities around dairy and gluten. The food was fantastic.

Went back there the other day and it was not an easy place to work with. Their menu doesn't identify the different allergens and the server rambled them off so quick I just felt overwhelmed and didn't remember what was okay or not.

We ended up leaving. 

If you don't have allergies this place is great. Service was good. Food tasted good.A great place to have shared dishes.  The food pairings are amazing and everything tastes wonderful.  Their coffees are quite good as well.  Tried the lobster poutine, lobster mac & cheese, ratatouille and all were tasty.The food was very good as was the price point, which is why I'm giving it 4 stars. The service wasn't very good. Our server wasn't very knowledgeable and she forgot to enter things in the computer. She only brought out 1/3 our order because she forgot to order the rest. I would have been more understanding if it was dead but there were probably 4 tables that required attention in the restaurant. If you're not in a hurry you'll get a good meal...I went here based on the ratings, and I have no idea why people enjoy it. The restaurant is dark and the music is too loud. They have TVs to watch sports which is good. The food we ordered included the stealhead with risotto, a stir fry with vegetables and  the halibut burger. The stealhead was way over priced for what you got, and the risotto was very poorly cooked. The stir fry was 90% noodles when it was specifically asked what the amount of vegetables in it would be (she said about 50/50). The waitress couldn't remember what was in the stir fry and never came back to confirm what the 'seasonable vegetables' were. The halibut burger was minimal fish with a small salad on the side. Overall, I was not at all impressed and thought the place was very over priced for what you got.I don't give 5 stars easily !
My wife rarely eats burgers in restaurants and when she orders them, she usually takes a bite and throws it away. The fact that she declared the burgers in Briggs the "Best Burger she's ever had " says it all !!

Excellent service, great ambience. I've never been disappointed 

The only weird thing was that they asked for 100$ deposit and 24-hour cancelation penalty for booking a table for 10 people!The best food I had in Toronto....what an excellent find. If you are in the area you should definitely give it a try.

The food was delicious and The owner was super friendly. Completely unpretentious food at very reasonable prices.

The customers in there were also extremely friendly and we had a really good time laughing and chatting away.  It was a fantastic food place ! Definitely going back...I met 5 friends here at 8pm on a Saturday night, and they don't take reservations, so it was a bit of a wait (which we expected). The food was great. We started with the wings (ORDER THE WINGS!!!) I ordered the twisted BLT. It was good. I got mine with fries. It went down good with my beer. The service was really good too. Our water was constantly full, I never had to wait long for my beer refills. I will definitely come back!!I went to Briggs K+B last weekend and I had an amazing evening. There where three things that made it such an enjoyable experience.

1: The service was fantastic especially the man that waited on us. I am afraid I can not recall his name but I do remember he was Brazilian. He was very nice, funny and had some amazing recommendations of what to eat and drink.

2: The food was splendid. Juicy, flavourful and their buns for their burgers and sliders are homemade and very tasty. Everything from aps to dessert was spectacular!

3: And they have an amazing patio. It's shady but not cold since they have heaters. I would say that Briggs patio is one of the best in Calgary.


So in conclusion Briggs K+B is an amazing experience from staff to food and seating. I would deeply recommend that if you are in the area that you go and check it out!Visited this place again for the second time, but went as a large group this time!

We were seated in the separate room where it was nice and private but it was sooo hot inside as the temperature was not adjustable for the room. We had to open the door to get some air which kind of defeats the point of having a private room. 

They have something called the Briggs Experience where you let the server pick out your menu. You can specify allergies, how many courses you want, and your budget and they can pick things out to meet these points. I thought it seemed adventurous but also a bit risky if you are a picky eater. 

Our group decided that we wanted to try the tomahawk steak and we let our server choose the rest of the appies etc.. Everything that we had were really great, like the poutine and brussels sprouts. We had the perfect amount of food for the group and it was awesome.  

Our server Andrew was really great, I would honestly go as far to say that you should request for him to be your server, especially if you have a large group. He is great at suggesting things without being pushy and knows the menu inside out. 

I want to give this place a 4.5/5 but as Yelp doesn't have half stars, I gave it a 4. I dislike the limited parking around the area - you can pay $2 to park in the covered parkade across the street if you don't want to risk parking your car in an area full of drunk people especially on weekends. The place itself gives off the vibe like a fancy bar rather than a restaurant (but they do have great drinks) which is kind of sad because the food here is actually pretty good. If you've been turned off by the bar-like atmosphere and doubted the food here, you should give it a try.A lovely place! We stopped in here for lunch and were very impressed. My first drink was the Rosemary & Jane - a gin take on a pisco sour - it was delicious! We started with the lobster poutine, which easily fed four of us, and was very good. THEN we ordered the Weekend Punch. O.M.G. it was SO delicious. The punch is a great order for four people as well. Between us, we had the angel hair pasta, Twisted BLT, and the halibut sandwich. They were all delicious. I especially loved the egg bun on the halibut sandwich, the pesto on the pasta, and the crispy chicken on the BLT. We had wonderful, friendly service as well, which made the whole experience that much better! Overall, I would highly recommend Briggs. : )The Brussel sprouts and tomato bisque were great! Good service, friendly staff and nice atmosphereBeen a few times, always like it. Pub style on one side and the food is very good. Steak sandwich is a classic go to followed by the fish burger.Calgary has a lot of great restaurants and this is already one of the best. Unique, tasty food that's perfectly prepared, a great staff and a really fun environment. Xavier is cooking up some amazing dishes (like deviled eggs) and if you're really hungry try the Tomahawk!! It's almost always busy so get there early. Weekend brunch is a really nice treat! Brunch, lunch or dinner, you won't be disappointed in Briggs.Came here on a Sunday evening as a party of 5 and enjoyed a booth table by the windows.

We ended up getting a whole bunch of dishes to share:
- fried calamari - these were cut in such a way that they looked like little tator tots!
- paella
- pappardelle
- potato gnocchi
- josper roasted broccoli - we had to ask what josper was after seeing it mentioned numerous times on the menu. Apparently, it is a type of oven!
- tomahawk rib eye

Overall, the quality of food was excellent. My husband and I particularly enjoyed the pappardelle dish. Our only complaints: the paella was a tad salty & our tomahawk was overdone - we would have preferred a medium rare, but it was closer to a well-done/medium. However, even with the overdone-ness, the tomahawk still tasted great, and we loved eating it with the salsa.

We've already recommended this restaurant to others and we'd definitely come back if we're back in the area.Made reservations here last minute for dinner with a coworker. Staff were friendly & knowledgable. Service was quick and the food fantastic! I got the lobster mac n cheese and the green beans, both 5/5! Mac n cheese was quite rich; I'd recommend splitting it with another entree or be prepared for leftovers!Great place for friends to gather and enjoy some fine food, my favs are the lobster rolls, soups, and the tomahawk, great food and great service.Very strong 4.  Everything hit well, ultra-cool decor and super great service.  

We walked in at prime time dinner time on a Thursday.  Not very crowded and got seated immediately.

Great cocktail list though the first round of cocktails was a little weak. Second round definitely better.  

The paella was nearly perfect with a lovely saffron flavor, spicy chorizo and crispy rice.  I might have wanted a little more calamari, but a really strong dish.

The piperade was fantastic as were the creamy parmesan bread used to dip in it.  Flavors really bursted.

The Josper half chicken had a perfectly crispy skin and the fries were cooked to an even more crispy perfection.  Very salt and peppery just the way I like them.

The crab gnocchi was really delicious and perhaps my favorite of the night (that or the piperade).  I just wish they scooped on more of the delicious lobster cream sauce.

Lastly we had a peach tart with caramel gelato.  Really nice flavors, though the texture of the peachese could have been softer / less chewy.

We only were able to squeeze one dinner in for Calgary and glad we chose this place!Had the smoked brisket sliders, Briggs mac n cheese, red beets and pistachio and the vanilla mlf. 

The sliders were good but not amazing at $3.5 for each. Would have liked more sauce on the brisket.

Mac n cheese came sizzling hot and looked small but was cheesy and heavy so it was good to share for two. The lobster in this dish wasn't very good, but you can't really get good lobster anywhere in Calgary. 

Red beets were my favourite with lots of good mixtures of flavours like the pistachio and mint. Would recommend as a side. 

The vanilla mlf was not really what I expected.. It was a vanilla cream with berries layered in between a crispy pastry like thing. I've never had anything like it before so I can't compare but I'm not sure if it was my favourite. 

Overall the food was good but not so great that I am dying to go back. Our server was amazing though and was great at what he did. He mentioned the restaurant is going to cut down the menu to really excel at a few items, so we might wait until then to give this place another try.We went for dinner at Briggs after a friend raved about her brunch experience. I fell in love with the place when I walked in the door. The decor is perfect (to me, anyway) - rustic, but chic. I'm lusting over the stools at the bar and I love the beat up round tables tucked away in the corners. 

There was four of us, so we decided to work our way through the sharing menu. The Newf's Poutine was fantastic. The fries had a smoky flavour and the lobster was delicious. My personal favourite was the scallops with seared char and vanilla oil. Adding edamame beans to lobster mac & cheese was an interesting, although not unwelcome twist, and the calamari was a solid choice. We went with both the beef short ribs and the braised pork belly. While the beef was good, the pork belly was a home run for me. I really liked the slaw and the sticky maple braise.

The only dish that made me go 'meh' was the potato tic tacs. I understand the lure of trying to dress up tater tots but the harsh reality is that the best ones still come frozen in a bag. It's like trying to use truffle oil on Kraft Dinner. Just appreciate them for what they are, and leave them be.

Overall, a solid first experience. I'll definitely go back.Stopped in here on a work trip and couldn't have been happier with my experience. The staff was extremely friendly, the atmosphere was great and the food was awesome. I had the salmon and calamari and would recommend both. Make sure you check out their cocktail menu. Lots of really creative drinks.You know what, this place is cool.

Neat atmosphere mixed with good, hearty non-traditional takes on traditional meals means - if you're looking to step outside the burger box -  you'll be happy here.

Good bar selection, inviting friendly staff in a perfectly central location, win.

T.This place is pretty delicious. Got a table on a Friday night but had to start out at the bar which was a bit disappointing as I had made reservations on open table earlier.  But tables seemed to open up after 7:30 as the after work crowd was clearing out.  Which led to a slight mixup in service with the waitresses who didn't figure out that our party had moved and we were not being served.
But after apologies they got to work and service was really good plus the food was great.  
We ordered the 48oz tomahawk ribeye which we ordered medium rare.  Nicely marbled with a Fred Flintstone size rib bone.  We had the three of us and we had to take some home.  It comes with mushrooms which was "meh".  But the grilled romaine was really interesting and refreshing along with the tomato salsa.   We ordered the brussel sprouts on the side which was a delicious choice.What a great place with friendly servers.  Briggs burger is probably one of my fav's in Calgary for sure and those french fries are always cooked so perfectly. This place is great for small or larger groups.  Definitely recommend Briggs. Good job guys!Great food and dining experience with this restaurant in Calgary! The major reason we dropped in this restaurant is we do not need to wait for table. After we saw the food, we definitely LOVE the food! Professional and tasty! We finished all the food! Definitely recommend this place for first timer in this town!This was so close to a 5 star! 

My husband and I were looking for a new place to go for our anniversary. This popped up on my app and looked delish! I tweeted them to see if they had GF options, just so I didn't waste my time. Which they did. 

Love the venue, great little patio, view of the parking lots isn't the prettiest, but ah well. 
The inside is very industrial, which we love. And the service was great!

We had Cat H, and she took great care of us. We have the devilled eggs, gf twisted BLT sandwich with potato leek soup and pork belly. All was amazing! And the bill including 4 glasses of champagne was $64. Which is very reasonable. 

My only complaint was they have no gluten free desserts, but that is ok.Really enjoyed this place for a late Saturday group dinner, super close to a 5 star but think the service could have been a bit better.  The waitress was friendly enough, but could have been a bit more attentive for drink refills.  As for food, better than I expected:

Caeser salad was huge, seemed like a portion for 3 people, one of the better versions I can remember
Their wings are great, a unique BBQ taste without being drowned in some cheap BBQ sauce, a little small but that seems to normal in Calgary
Mahi mahi was perfect, probably the first thing I would retry when I come back
Short rib was very good, not huge on the look of it but perfectly cooked with very little fat
Brussel sprouts, shredded and tasty
Cauliflower looked so bland but the taste was a pleasant surprise, devoured this sideThis place was great! The service was friendly and fast. The food was delicious too. I would come here againBrigg's Kitchen and bar is located on 10th avenue SW, just down the street from National on 10th.  Christine and I were looking for a new place to try and she suggested Briggs as we both haven't been.  We parked on the street as it wasn't overly busy.  There is a set of stairs you walk up before reaching the restaurant and upon entering; we were immediately greeted by a hostess who then walked us to our table. 

It was around 7:00PM at night and it wasn't busy but there was a stream of customers entering throughout the night.  Brigg's dining area is very open, with wooden accents, large light fixtures, dimmed lights and a visible kitchen.  There is also a private room that, I believe can seat 6-8 people and its tucked away in the corner with glass walls.  

Sam, our Australia server came to greet us.  He was friendly and made a ton of recommendations.  Christine and I shared a pint of Mill Street Organic Lager and we both had sparkling water as well.  If you are not a big fan of beer, I would highly suggest Mill Street as it has a very light finish and is rather tasty.  For our meal, we decided to start with some crispy humbolt calamari and share a crispy BC halibut burger which normally came with fries but we upgraded to the Newf's poutine which has chunks of lobster for a hefty addition of $11.50.  Calamari came out first, and it was topped with some cabbage tossed in some fennel and there was tomato aioli for a dipping sauce.  Christine and I really enjoyed the calamari as it was very lightly battered for just enough crispiness and the squid was very tender.  There was a licorice taste to the cabbage and we weren't big fans of it.  Next time we will have that omitted.  The dipping sauce was creamy and had a little kick to it which was nice.  The halibut burger came with tartar aioli, romaine lettuce, cucumbers and jalapeno relish; it was all in a super soft bun.  The halibut was flaky and all the fixings went well with it.  At first bite, it was a melt in your mouth kind of deal, everything went well together but I couldn't help but to think it wasn't anything particularly special.  Although, the lobster poutine was divine!  They were generous with their chunks of lobster, cheese curds were noticeable melted throughout the poutine and the sauce it came with was rich, tasty and creamy!  We both polished it off.  Sam was very alert, ensuring we were enjoying the dishes and prompt with taking away the empty plates.

Overall, Brigg's provides tasty food with reasonable prices.  I'm anxious to try their weekend brunch - breakfast perogies?! Yes please!!!!  I will be back! :)My wife is from Calgary and luckily I ended up at this restaurant during our visit there. I'm American and never had heard of or tasted poutine (did I spell that right?). The dish at Briggs was amazing. The other poutine I have had since shrinks in comparison. We also tried several other dishes and sandwiches.

The vibe here is perfect. The bar is really well presented. The noise level and decor really makes you feel like you're downtown.

Bottom line is that I can't wait to go to Calgary and eat here again.Service as phenomenonal and so was the food. Got the cheese fondue with focaccia bread to start and I got the shirt rib while my girlfriend got the crab and gnocchi. Both were fantastic and filling.I took a Korean business associate here because he wanted a good Canadian dinner. After selecting I was informed by my friend that Briggs Tomahawk ribeye is famous in Korea. 
Anyways, party of 4 for dinner. We split 2 orders of Newfs Poutine...excellent item. 
2 of us ordered the hanger steak and it was very good. The cut is not the most tender there is but for flavour it is almost the best their is. 
My problem here and the reason for the 3-stars is with the paella. Their dish is basically fried rice served in a skillet. Sorry but that is NOT paella. No tomato was present at all and the chorizo looked like luncheon meat. Very unimpressed with that dish. I might go back for the lobster poutine as it was worth the visit. Probably go with a group and try some other small share dishes and maybe split a tomahawk.I love the atmosphere of this place. I've been here on numerous occasions and each time I've had the lobster poutine and paella. Both so good. I've also had the salmon, which was also good but I'm not sure if the salmon is wild or farmed.  For dessert they have a crispy pastry that is light and flaky and doesn't make you feel guilty about having dessert. So good!It would be hard for our experience at Briggs to have been any worse. 

Our reserved table was given away - due to somewhat understandable circumstances - for which we received next to no apology. The manager seemed more annoyed at us than anything. 

We were then taken to a high top next to the bar, with chairs so low, that we could practically rest our chins on the table. The music and din was such that you could only hear the person right beside you, and barely even that. 

After nearly 40 mins of waiting for our food - and inquiring about it - two of seven meals came out, without the fries. They were both cold, as were the five meals that followed. One of the meals was the wrong order completely. While one person in our party opted to send her cold burger back, the rest of us had to eat ours as we were already going to be late getting back to work. 

The brisket sandwich was cold, dry and tasteless and the bread was so hard that the roof of my mouth is still stinging. We had to pick up our own drinks at the bar, where they sat, and request a random employee to track down our bill. 

Our server was apologetic and obviously well aware of the terrible experience we were having. What boggles the mind is that neither of the two managers roaming around had the decency and professionalism to come over and speak to us, let alone maybe comp a few items from our bill. Any sort of acknowledgement from them would have gone a long way but that was not to be. Super disappointing.

Across the board, awful and we'll never return.Stopped by Briggs K&B for a couple of quick cocktails and appetizer. The cocktails were creative and interesting. We managed to sample:
- Strawberry Pisco Sour (my fav); 
- Barbara M (a bourbon with strawberry and rhubarb); 
- Victoria Park Rickey (odd - celery bitters with calvados? Not sure about this one)
- Countess Seville (an Earl Grey and gin mixture - nice, different)

We shared the Humbolt Calamari. Our server explained that rather than rings, it had been cut into strips and marinated in buttermilk overnight.  It was fried with a very  light tempura batter and served with tomato aioli. This calamari was so tender it almost melted. I would order this again any time. It was some of the best calamari I've had in a long time.

It was quiet night, so they were not very busy. The service was friendly and informative without being imposing due to boredom. I wasn't a fan of the décor. It was pretty boring with a touch of west coast. I was disappointed to see the old Cannery Row space wasn't made fabulous.  But décor is so low on my list of priorities so that it won't deter me from going back soon!This is a nice hipster spot that's open late on a Sunday night (~11pm).

What we got:

Brussel Sprouts with Honey/Bacon: Delicious brussel sprouts. Note: This is presented in a slaw-like fashion, not the "normal" ball of brussel sprouts. Delicious sauce $10

Paella: Small cast-iron skilled of paella. Nothing to write home about but still good $15

Newf's Poutine: Lobster poutine, lobster cream sauce, cheese, fries. $19

Banana MLF: I'm still confused on what I ate. But it was presented nicely and tasted delicious. Banana whipped cream with some flaky crumb thing? Definitely worth trying.I've been to Briggs a few times over the years and have always received good service. The location is convenient and they have ample parking between a surface lot, street parking and the parkades right across the street, just read the signs in the lot and don't park in the Japenese Village lots. I like sharing different items off the menu, they have some delicious veggie appetizers and the mussels were awesome. I always eye the massive tomahawk steak but never order it although the servers have told me it's a popular option.Enjoying an amazingly delicious  brunch on the patio  Food service and atmosphere 5 stars!Best burger ever! I barely eat meat, but burgers in Briggs are simply delicious!

Service and ambiance are really good and the noise level is not loud at all.We eat at Briggs once in a while for lunch at work ( in the downtown core), and the experience is consecutively good. Booking usually isn't  that hard, as they aren't smack in the middle of the food scene in DT Calgary,  but a reservation IS recommended. 

From what I have heard, they use "charcoal" grills here, and it reflects in the food. The food is really good, and they have some unique items on here, like amazing devilled eggs. 

The wait staff always seems "new" there, and aren't as fat or efficient as one would hope, but the food always trumps that for us, and we rebook every 3 months, 

Parking is also always readily available ,as there literally is a parking complex across the street.Good food, reasonable pricing, fun atmosphere and great service!  Was in the private room and did the group share experience.We were a group of 10 and went for the Briggs Experience. It was definitely worth it and we made sure to have the Tomahawk. Everyone enjoyed the meal.  We had the carmelized onion poutine, sausages, smoked wings, curry chicken salad, mushroom ravioli, creamy potatoes and kale.Briggs has some delicious foods - the sweet pea soup for example.  Love the veggie side dishes too.  Great little patio and friendly staff.Very good relax place to hang out. Clean, good service, good atmosphere, not too busy The 48 oz Tomahawk Rib eye steak is really good, very juicy, tender & flavorful. $89 with Salsa tomatoes & smoked mushroom side dishes. Highly recommended to try it!I have very mixed feelings regarding this restaurant. As far as starters go, ours fell flat. Flatbread lacked ingredients, was room temperature and was very boring. Also tried the cauliflower and it was not good. It tasted like someone had just started the barbecue and put it in without the starter burning off. Left a horrible taste in my mouth. But my friend liked it so go figure! Anyways, definitely not my thing. Ordered the wings, which were okay, but they almost tasted over smoked. 

Things changed, however, when my entree arrived. I had the pasta special, which was a tagliatelle pasta, with a cream sauce and it was fantastic! I had quite a bit left over and took leftovers home and shared that evening for dinner and hubby totally enjoyed!  I would go back just to try another pasta dish. I see they also have brisket sliders so I would like to give those a try. 

Loved the atmosphere!  Loud and lively!  Service was good.Stopped in here on a work trip and couldn't have been happier with my experience. The staff was extremely friendly, the atmosphere was great and the food was awesome. I had the salmon and calamari and would recommend both. Make sure you check out their cocktail menu. Lots of really creative drinks.We made a reservation before we head there just to make sure we do get a table when we get there since it's Friday night, but there was no line. My family including 2 children (15, 6) ordered the toma hawk steak which was smaller than I expected so it did't fill us up but the steak was very tender and well seasoned just right for my taste.  Also the grilled romain and salsa came with the steak were so delicious. 
The atmosphere and the service was great. We'll definitely come back.What a treat! Once again my foodie family finds the best eats in YYC. I got to sample this gem before their grand opening -- but you'd hardly know Briggs was still a secret, since the restaurant was packed at lunch! I love the decor: beautiful lighting and table settings with exposed brick walls and an open kitchen. Staff went above and beyond, and even a manager came by to ask about our meals. I appreciate that level of care during a busy lunch rush! The menu was truly fab, with a number of great lobster dishes including lobster poutine, lobster macaroni and lobster ravioli (I know you've all been looking for it since I've listed it as my favorite dish on Yelp for years now!... though this time I opted for lobster mac & cheese). The meal was superb and we tried the lemon tart (best ever) and mille feuille for dessert. Loved it all!Consistently great food. Best burger in town: juicy and steeped in beefy
flavour. Roasted chicken is a must try as well. Deviled eggs are delicious. The house salad is always cold, fresh and one of the best in town. Good bar. Good people. Briggs raises the bar for casual dining in Calgary. This is where you should bring friends from out of town.Hit up Briggs on Easter Monday with a couple of girlfriends and the whole experience was beyond amazing. Our server, Jeremy (owner/manager??), was phenomenal throughout the whole night. He was attentive, engaging and really great about choosing our meal for us. We opted for the "Briggs experience", setting our meal value at $35 per person, and let our server choose our menu for the night. 

We got to try 7 dishes from the menu (deviled eggs, lobster poutine, curry chicken salad, mahi mahi, short rib, brussel sprouts and the chocolate pot soufflé) and all of it was incredible. I won't bother describing all the dishes but my favourites were probably the lobster poutine, brussel sprouts and chocolate pot. For $35 a person, we definitely got our monies worth. 

Basically our night at Briggs (atmosphere, food, service) was everything you could ever ask for in a perfect dining experience. I would absolutely recommend Briggs and go back.I dream about the Beets + Pistachios and Those Brussel Sprouts (with bacon and honey). The Crispy Humboldt Calamari is always cooked just to perfectly tender.  Greg's Marg is yummy and don't miss the Lemon Tart!

By the way, a large group can split the 48 oz Tomahawk Rib Eye which is enormous.I am in love with Briggs Kitchen's fresh pea soup. It's fresh and green and like summer in a bowl. The service is good, the ambience welcoming and the food a pleasure. We threw my best friend's birthday in their private room and everyone was sharing bites.This place is very energetic (read loud) but it contributes to the lively ambience. The food is very good as is the service. I had the chicken pot pie special for lunch on Wednesday and it was delicious. The wine list is more than adequate - I've killed many a bottle with friends here since the place opened. Highly recommend.Came here for a birthday on a Thursday. We booked the private room. A few of us were early and had drinks at the bar while we waited for our table. Service was fantastic the whole night through. I loved our server! She was upbeat and personable and didn't mind splitting the bill (yes, we were those people). I love the share a glass of wine with a stranger concept they have. If you order certain bottles, you can give away a glass to a table in the restaurant and the bottle is significantly cheaper than if you were to purchase otherwise. Very unique idea and great selling feature. Food was super good too! We shared a few items including the tomahawk steak, humboldt calamari, roasted broccoli, angel hair pasta, mushroom deviled eggs, cheese fondue. Everything was really good but my standouts were the roasted broccoli covered in mascarpone and the fondue. I would come back and just eat those and be full of cheese and happy. I have been about 5 times before and have never been disappointed. All in all, awesome.This is a great place. I like to eat low carb and there were a few great options which is always noteworthy to me. The food was very well prepared...I recommend the beef short rib (although it has a sauce that isn't so low carb if you care) and the winter seasonal beets (with feta, mint, and pine nuts). 

The service was very good. Our waiter was a sweet Aussie guy but we also had three other guys approach the table to make sure everything was great - and it was!

The only negative (which really has nothing to do with Briggs) was parking... Where did one park if the two lots next to it are reserved only, there's no street stalls available, and the other 3 lots are full?! (This is why downtown bugs me)My favorite favorite restaurant in Calgary. Great service and fabulous food. Both poutines are spectacular as well as the tomahawk. Highly recommend to anyone and everyone.Busy.
Trendy.
Bustling.


Although that is emotionally distancing as a customer ... the food is very good, and the staff is greatgreat.

I'd recommend it.Been here a handful of times now for social gatherings and food is ok. Sub par for the cost but ambience and space is good for larger crowdsOk. I'm visiting Calgary from Texas and If you have all of your good senses, you will listen to me now. 
Stop reading this review. 
Run to Briggs Kitchen + Bar. NOW! 
Call a couple of friends and ask them to meet you there. 
Order a couple of cocktails. The bartender really knows what he is doing and the drink menu is outstanding. Then listen to Sam, an extraordinary attentive service person, but please by all means, order the BURGER!!!  In my opinion, The Absolute BEST Burger on the North American Continent.  Our experience was completely and insanely outstanding. The appetizer, burger, salad and dessert was exceptional. Ok. Why are you still here reading this review. RUN!I came to Briggs last week with my friend. I've been dying to try it for quite some time as their chef Xavier Lacaze was on Top Chef Canada and made it pretty far. The space is really nice. I love the modern look with the wood paneling, very simple yet rustic. Our server was fantastic. He was friendly and explained the menu in great detail. On his recommendation, I decided to try the Lobster Poutine. Oh lord, it was amazing. The fries were crispy and well cooked, the bechamel sauce was nice and creamy and the lobster was a great touch. My friend had the Hanger Steak, which looked fabulous. We had the apple tart for dessert and it was not overly sweet, which I liked, and the apples were nice and fresh. I will definitely be back!Exactly what you're looking for. Well, what we were looking for anyway. They were PACKED and the service was great and the food was prompt. Nothing bad to say.Service was great, the waitstaff are friendly and attentive. The Arctic char with barley risotto was the most delicious!Briggs is one of my "go-to" restaurants. Anything that comes out of that magic oven of theirs is delicious. They have an amazing happy hour now with drink specials and free Canapés...yep, FREE. Decent little patio and great service. P.s. try their Strawberry Pisco Sour - my fave cocktail in the CITY.I started out with Newf Poutine and it was excellent! The fries were golden and crisp even after soaking in gravy and melted cheese. The only thing wrong with it is that they didn't have enough lobster. 

I ordered a medium rare sirloin steak and split that with my friend who ordered a Beef Short Rib. We wanted to get the best of both worlds by ordering both entrees and sharing, but honestly the Beef Short Rib is the more memorable entree. The sirloin steak was decent, and came with a side of fries. It wasn't anything amazing, and was more medium than medium rare. But the beef short rib was absolutely amazing and tender! I highly recommend getting the beef short rib!My group and I visited Briggs just yesterday.   It was amazing!  All of our food was great, the service was fantastic.  We watched the Broncos beat the Patriots here, and enjoyed chatting with the bartender as well as the drinks.  I recommend the deviled eggs, brussel sprouts and the lemon chicken.  Everyone else loved their food as well.I was out shopping when it struck... the hunger monster. It started to lightly growl, then the roaring began... this is when my friend and I made a decision to try out Briggs. 

We arrived around 6pm and were sat right away, which was nice. I am not sure who our server was because we had so many people attending to us but this meant that we were never without water or drinks. (Positive points granted!)

After some careful consideration of the many delicious menu items we went with the seared scallops, roasted cauliflower, beets and the sausage platter. 

I was very impressed with the combinations of each. Mostly all had ingredients that I normally did not associate with each other but they were very complimentary.

Pricing was much lower than I thought it would be as well especially for how delicious all the food was, I will be coming back for sure to try some more items!!I brought a friend from Toronto to experience this place for the first time. 
BIG MISTAKE! 
The food was horrible!!

We started with the Ratatouille and Chips. It was smothered in oil to the point of being inedible. We then ordered the seared scallops which was also smothered in oil. Then we ordered the short rib which was flavourful and the meat was great, however, again, it was smothered in oil. We ordered pork belly as well which was also oily. 
All in all, it was a very OILY meal. And we all left with a terrible taste in our mouths after our meal. 
Atmosphere is great. I would not recommend the food. Just drink!From beginning to end, my first experience at Briggs, on a busy Saturday with no reservations (!) , was fantastic.
We were greeted by a friendly lady who seated my boyfriend and I  at the bar, introduced us to the bartender Colin, and let us know when a table came up we would be notified.
Colin created the cocktail menu and launched into a brief history on bitters when I asked him what they were. I chose the Victoria Park Rickety, which had celery bitters, soda, fresh lime, and Apple brandy. It was so refreshing and light, despite my hesitance with it having bitters in it. We were approached 20 min later by a hostess letting us know a table had opened, but decided to stay put at the bar. Since it's loud with music and chatter, it was easier to hear each other where we were. We ordered a bunch of small plates:
Hearty flatbread, deviled eggs, paella, green beans and the grilled cauliflower. 
I'm sure they will change the menu frequently, so I'll just say, despite offering items on the slightly pricier side, we enjoyed everything thoroughly. 
Lick the plate clean, kind of thoroughly.
I recommend everyone try the cauliflower. I could have eaten it by the bushel. It's coated with a light curry oil that isn't overly spicy, and is to die for.
The service throughout was prompt and very friendly, which is impressive at such a large restaurant. I sadly, always expect to be waiting when a place is jam packed, but I was proven wrong!Nice place for group or your date. Came here myself while waiting to be seated up at Japanese Village. I Asked the bar tender what's best cockails for ladies as most of what's in the menus didn't attract me and to my surprise, I got what I really want. It was precise and I end up having 3 glasses. It's always best to ask experts. There are ample parking spaces but the advantage of living downtown is that I don't drive to go to where I'd like to go as most places are walking distance. Servers here are amazing! Will be back to try out their food!I really like this place. 

Most importantly. The food is delicious. I dream about the Lobster Poutine. 

Also check out the gnocchi and the smoked wings.  I saw a 48 oz Tomahawk steak go by... Wow!

Service is also excellent. 

My only issue is the bevies are pricy. $7 for a 16oz beer... For example. 

But honestly... Its a small critique as the food ambience and service makes this a new favourite. 

If you were a "District" fan in Calgary... This takes up most if the culinary space we lost with its closing.Excellent restaurant. Food was delicious, ambiance was great and service was extraordinary. We could not have been more pleased on how our night went and will definitely be coming back. It's a bit on the pricey side so probably not an everyday place but great for a nice meal on a Saturday night. Kudos to the owners... You seem to know what you're doing and have great staff to support you.Visting Calgary for the weekend and a friend suggested trying Briggs. Upon arriving the hostess, servers and supervisor greeted us and started cracking jokes and immediately i knew this was going to be a good place. The decor was very trendy, the atmosphere was enjoyable and they had the playoff game on a couple screens. The food was quick and the server was excellent. I had the gnocchi pasta and it was amazing! First time I've ever tried it and will definitely start looking for this meal at other restaurants. Others had the Chuck burger which looked amazing and they really enjoyed. The price was reasonable, $98.xx for the four of us. Very fair for a dinner downtown Calgary on a Saturday night. Will definitely be back. Please let me know if this review was useful. I appreciate it!Unreal!!!! I can't believe how amazing our meal was, to be honest I did not expect such an exceptional experience. 

We picked this place because it was more "pub like" and we thought the men would like it more than some overly hip venue. (We do girls nights often but are mindful that our hubby's would probably starve to death at half the spots we try.) 

I had checked out the menu beforehand and honestly thought it looked a little boring. When we arrived our waitress mentioned that you can pick a price range ($30-$40/ person) and share the 48oz Rib Eye with a random selection of sides. We didn't know what we were going to eat, but wow. Everything was fantastic!

For this price, 3 appetizers, 2 salads, the steak and 3 sides were delivered to our table. All premium menu items, they did not cheap out. It was honestly incredible! (Fondue, wings, calamari, crab & ricotta gnocchi, cobb salad, beets, broccoli, and potato tic-tacs.)

All 5 of us were blown away. Every single item was delicious! My only qualm is WHY isn't this "experience" on the menu?! I almost didn't try this place after looking at the menu online. 

Of all the fancy, hip, highly recommended venues I've tried in Calgary, this was much better by a mile. The service was impeccable too.

Highly recommended.It's been a year since my last review so I thought I'd sing the praises of it once more, since I'm still a frequent visitor. I've worked my way through most of the menu, finally pacing myself with the skill of a seasoned foodie that allows me to sample the desserts. All of Briggs desserts are amazing, particularly the chocolate lava cake and the lemon tart (which has lemon sorbet hidden inside the meringue FYI!). My boss and I had lunch here last week and ordered the house salad (amazing!) and the flatbread (fried egg on top!) as well as the calamari (giant squid pieces!!). Now we're hooked and tempted to make it a regular Friday thing. Service is always top notch and space is a hipster paradise. Briggs & Bridget 4eva.GREAT food and solid old fashioned.My boyfriend and I came here for dinner one night and I'm not sure if it was just that I had different expectations for this place or if we just ordered the wrong dishes, but it was only okay. 

It's pretty dark inside and pretty loud, not sure if I'd really recommend coming with a date. I had the crispy halibut sandwich, the halibut itself was yummy but I found the tartar sauce to be way too tart. My boyfriend had the paella, which wasn't too much to write home about. Our server was nice though, which was a plus and I enjoyed my cocktail.

I wouldn't be opposed to coming back, especially because the tomahawk steak seems super cool, but at $99 it felt a little steep at the time.Last night I visited Briggs for the first time, I actually didn't know the place existed but a couple friends threw out the idea and so this new food adventure began. Briggs' is on 10th Ave right beside Japanese Village, Craft and National, pretty solid area and works well with the parkade across the street.

Right away upon entering I was pretty impressed with the atmosphere and ambience, a good combination of upscale and trendy but still relaxed. This fell on game 5 of the Flames/Ducks series so it was probably a bit louder and noisier than what I'd imagine it usually is. We came well into the hockey game already starting (prior commitments), kind of on a whim not really expecting to get a table. Given the busy sporting occasion the immediate answer was they didn't have room with a view of the game. They did have some room in the dining room absent of TVs, but we were really hoping to catch the last half of the game. Upon further investigation they did end up suggesting a table with limited view, the booth sitting side had about an 80-90% view of the TV and the other side 40-50% with turned chairs. Nonetheless it was better than running around and trying to find another place with seats. The table was quite adequate in the end and I was quite happy they put in the effort to make it work. But at the same time had mixed feelings about how they thought "no" first with pretty firm unaccommodating regard. I'm big on customer service and thinking "yes" first.

From here the up and down continued, again I was really impressed with the environment and aesthetic of this restaurant/bar, they had a wide assortment of unique design touches that even extended into the washroom, this was topped off with an open concept kitchen that didn't hide anything. Beautiful establishment really. Where things were pulled down again was with the service, our server was very laid back and un-invested in making us feel welcome. He had a surfer like non-chalant demeanor which unfortunately translated to us feeling like he didn't care about making our experience a memorable one. He was quick enough on the initial drink order but then didn't follow up with our food order for probably a good 10-15 minutes, I would've accepted this had he been catering to the busier lounge but really he was only dealing with a smaller section and had approached other tables ignoring us at least once. Then came the upswing again...our food order came quick after we put it in and it was delicious! I had the "You Wrap Lettuce Wraps" they were great, a step above Earls and Cactus Club lettuce wraps IMO. Everyone else at the table was satisfied with their meals as well and the server did make sure to check-up on us during the meal. We enjoyed beers with our meals from a smaller draft/bottle selection that still had a couple unique options to make it quaint. Then the slight downhill drop again, when we needed to settle our tab our server was nowhere to found and we had to ask the manager for our bill. He did make a final appearance with the merchant machine to take care of the actual transaction and thank us though. I will say the manager was very kind and professional; he did help us secure the table to begin with and was quick to help us get the tab.

So all things considered I left Briggs' Kitchen + Bar with mixed emotions, it easily had the potential and resources to be a 5/5 but fell short on customer service on this occasion. Every time there was an uptick in something there was a pullback on something else, but overall it was more positive than negative which is why I'm giving them a 4/5 for this visit, I will be back to give them a shot at that 5/5 ;-).Not sure what happened today as other reviews are good but first of all the potatoe pancakes were inedible, a gooey sloppy mess and burnt on the outside. They were disgusting to look at. Size portions were all over the place. 2 very small thin pancakes that would haven enough for a toddler not as a regular menu item. No one ever came to offer a refill of coffee but we were offered lots of tap water. 
I won't be back but maybe an off day.Best Burger in Calgary. Nuff said.

PS
There were short rib tacos devoured on the plate beside me that were totally worth getting stuffed face on.I stopped in to Briggs on a recent visit to Calgary, and it was my best dining experience in the city. I loved everything about it. First, I love industrial light, hipster, fun food, nice people type joints, and this is one of them. But it was the warm and gracious welcome I received from the host when I entered that gave me such a great impression. As a single person on business, I am very impressed when a restaurant makes me feel so welcomed, and this one did. Once I was seated, I was immediately served at my table by the bartender (so nice, fun and cute, btw), and he so heartily recommended the burger. He was right. It was delicious. And the fries -- they brought an huge portion as an accompaniment to the burger. I couldn't eat them all, but I wanted to because they were so crisp and salty. 

Those on here complaining about portion size -- what do you normally eat? A cow? The portions were more than adequate.

The cocktails are freshly made, innovative and priced just right around $9. The same cocktail would be much more expensive in other bars.

Great experience here that I heartily recommend.This place is pretty delicious. Got a table on a Friday night but had to start out at the bar which was a bit disappointing as I had made reservations on open table earlier.  But tables seemed to open up after 7:30 as the after work crowd was clearing out.  Which led to a slight mixup in service with the waitresses who didn't figure out that our party had moved and we were not being served.
But after apologies they got to work and service was really good plus the food was great.  
We ordered the 48oz tomahawk ribeye which we ordered medium rare.  Nicely marbled with a Fred Flintstone size rib bone.  We had the three of us and we had to take some home.  It comes with mushrooms which was "meh".  But the grilled romaine was really interesting and refreshing along with the tomato salsa.   We ordered the brussel sprouts on the side which was a delicious choice.
Oh the one other mis-step was we ordered fries and they didn't ring that in for the kitchen until our supper was almost finished.  Fries were nicely crispy and a bargain for $4.00?  
Bill was a bit hefty but was a nice change of pace.  Liked it way better than the keg style steakhouse.   I've been here before for lunch a couple of times and it was great then too.  The lobster mac n cheese is fabulous.
So I docked it .5 for the couple of service issues.  Waitresses were however very nice and efficient otherwise.I stumbled across Briggs one day when I was in desperate need of a charger because my phone had died and I was supposed to meet a friend in downtown. The bartender was kind enough to lend me one even though I had not purchased anything to eat or drink. Mind you, I had been refused service by other restaurants for this reason. Then he offered me a glass of water while I waited for my phone to charge. Next thing I know, a server had brought out an extra bar stool so I could sit while my phone charged. The bartender was hilarious and gave me good company until my friend showed up. The manager also came by to check in and make sure I was doing okay. I was so impressed with their hospitality that I ended up eating there anyways. The food was great and the desserts were phenomenal. And the portions were the perfect size. I love Briggs and will definitely be going there often!Ugh. I hate writing such a negative review for a restaurant with seemingly good food, but we had such a horrible experience here. We made a reservation at Briggs for Saturday night. When we arrived, the restaurant was clearly packed. As expected for a Saturday, but for whatever reason this was surprising to the staff and it showed. We had absolutely horrendous service. Our server took unacceptably long to come to our table. Our waters were filled by the hostess once, and remained empty for the rest of the night. Our server brought our drinks and took our food order, and that was the last time we saw her until we had to flag her down for the bill. Our drinks were empty and she never came by. She never checked up on our food, even though we wanted more ketchup and wanted to order more drinks. We would have stayed longer and ordered more drinks/dessert, but we just wanted to leave by the time we were done our meal. 

I totally understand being busy. However, the server didn't apologize until the end when she brought the bill. Basically, I felt like she wanted us to feel bad she was busy and leave a better tip. 

The food was decent, which somewhat saved the experience. We ordered the roasted chicken dinner, which was nice. The chicken was a bit dry though, and the coleslaw was so vinegary/sour I could barely eat it. The fries were good. We also ordered the rock crab gnocchi. I honestly think the crab should be ditched - the ricotta gnocchi was the star of this dish. The cold crab mixture didn't jive overly well with the gnocchi. 

We definitely would not come back here. Horribles service almost ruined our Saturday night!Great friendly staff with good drinks and good selection on beer.  Food was interesting and the overall experience well worth the stop.  If anything finish off with their chocolate pot dessert which was amazing.Very nice decor, good service And very decent food. I had a steak sandwich - very good my partner had a burger also nicely cooked and our friend had chicken pie. We enjoyed the food that was served quickly and the male waiter was very friendly and professional. Prices not bad at all. $19 for steak sandwich with fries, $17 for chicken pie and $14 for cheeseburger with fries.Briggs - what a great place. I've been here twice now...once for lunch with one person and for dinner with 6 others.

Food - something for everyone for sure. Great flavours and neat things you dont see elsewhere like deviled eggs (so good). If you are part of a group, you can customize kind of a sharing/tasting menu based on hunger levels and budget. This is a great way to try many things. We had an almost vegetarian in our group and she didn't go hungry - they made sure of it. Some highlights included poutine, the salmon, the meat dishes...oh it was all good. They also had some unique, cool cocktails. Everything was reasonably priced too, in my opinion.

The only downside, which has been mentioned, is how loud it gets. Now for our group we scored the glassed in private room. That made all the difference in being able to talk and be heard, and also gave us a view of part of the kitchen. Very cool. But elsewhere in the place it was deafening -  just from other patrons talking.

I'll be back for sure to try out some of the dishes I didnt get to try! I just might pick slightly off hours to do so if I plan on talking to my dining companion :)We originally intended on going to Japanese village up stairs, but it was booked full. So we came down and grabbed a table. It was a bit of a wait but the wait was so worth it! The service was impeccable, and the food is absolutely delicious! My sons shared the 8" rib it was huge and the meat fell right off the bone! We also shared the newfs pontine and its was amazing!I've been here twice. Both times I was blown away by their food. Two of my favourites are their brisket sliders and there decadent Brussels sprouts. It's not a place I would go for the cocktails, but for food I would go back more than once.If you're a Top Chef Canada nerd like I am, you would know that Xavier Lacaze, formerly of Muse, is the head chef at Briggs.
I thought we would check this out as it was a special occasion for me and my Fiance. I must say, 5 stars for service. I sent an email a few days before inquiring about a reservation. I promptly received an email back from Cory saying I wouldn't need one, but he gave me his number to call him when we made our way down.

He was right we didn't need a reservation, unless we had wanted to be on the patio. The space is huge and were seated immediately. But I had called ahead of time and he assured me we would be fine.

So as I said service was great, we were immediately greeted at the door, we were then immediately greeted by our serving assistant who dealt with our water(in house filtration system, $2 unlimited water per person), then our waitress came and took our drink orders. Then we ordered and our food was already arriving within 8 minutes. I think it was Cory that came around and checked in on how our meal was 3 times.
The service was so efficient, I was actually a little disappointed. You know when you want the meal to be an experience, well we had cocktails, our meal, dessert and espresso and were paid and out within an hour and ten minutes.
So not much for making the meal and experience, but I guess I should of known since it is called a kitchen and bar, not destination restaurant.

The cocktails were really good, I recommend the 10th ave, the barbaram, the Greg's Marg was also nice, but when it says salted rim I expect a bit more than a smidgen on 1/25 of the rim.
The food was good, especially the lobster mac and cheese, the edamame beans in there is a real nice touch. We just ordered four of the sharing plates and it was sufficient. It's not the most amazing food ever though, not by a long shot. Our dessert was also nice, get the MLF, and we were both treated to a really nice espresso.

So bottom line, amazing service, good food and drinks and you don't need a reservation.Clearly a 4 star experience.  Briggs Kitchen for me is an interesting twist on classic Canadian cuisine.  My lunch group of 5 (yesterday) started off with Poutine w/lobster plus classic Poutine.  While both were a tad rich they tasted good.  I then had the sweet pea soup which was good.  Not great but a good 4 star dish,.  Also had these potato puffs with a cheese dipping sauce that were amazing.  Had a lovely cauliflower dish to complement everything.

This was a good place for a business lunch for 5.  The noise level was a bit higher then I typically prefer and the service is acceptable.  Is this a 5 star establishment?  No way.  4 star? Yup.

I will eat here again for sure.TL:DR - Great atmosphere, great service and interesting food. I'll definitely be back. 

They have a variety of clever cocktails, the Briggs old fashioned was probably my fav. We had wings and a few plates to share. Walked away full and happy.We were in town for a night from BC and made reservations for dinner at 8:30. Upon arrival we had our drink order taken, which took 15 minutes until we finally received them, in a rather empty restaurant on a Sunday night. My beer could have been a lot colder, and as we sat there waiting for our drinks and growing impatient, we were offered a complimentary walnut/goat cheese flatbread, which was originally a mistake made by the kitchen staff. It was tasteless, over cooked, and overall disappointing. If you asked me how it was, well, it was free. We ordered the paella to start, which had zero hints of saffron, the squid and shrimp had the consistency of a rubber band, and had enough salt to pickle a cucumber. We decided to leave after our appetizer and go to a restaurant we are familiar with, after being presented with an incorrect bill, the manager asked if we were disappointed while we were paying the bill and instead of trying to correct the situation, she was defending the very sub-par food and service that we were given. There was a reason the restaurant was less than half full on a busy downtown street, I wouldn't recommend Briggs to anyone. The location and decor are great, but the poor service and food far outweigh the aesthetics.The food was pretty good, but not great. 
The decor and the theme of the restaurant is somewhat confused. 
Not sure if I will come back here soon.My second visit was not so great. One star less for serving calamari in a very strong sauce that kills the taste of the seafood. Why would you do that? Second star out for not updating prices on their online menu. Steak sandwich $19 on their website but in reality it's $20. One could say $1 is not a disaster but it's about principle. Also increasing prices at the time of crisis is just wrong. Not whether I will be back despite of excellent service.Great restaurant and bar in downtown Calgary. The food items are especially well thought out. Eclectic, tasty, organic and wonderful ingredients. Authentic items. Worth trying several and all will be pleasing. Definitely recommended!I kept hearing mixed reviews but I finally went and I enjoyed everything I had.  Would go try again.  Loved the "Shared items"Good date night place. My husband thinks its the best burger in town! I like the small plates and veggie options.

I recommend  getting a reservation!I had the Rock Crab Gnocchi.  It came with peas, pea shoots, crab and the gnocchi (seared) in a light cream sauce.  It was pretty good.  

Service was quick even though the restaurant was packed and buzzing with activity!  It was noisy and difficult to speak to one another.This place was a refreshing take on new Canadian food. My coworkers and I checked into our hotel down the street and went here for our first Canadian meal during the business trip. 

We had a slight issue finding the place as apple maps is very unhelpful (not surprisingly), but once we found the actual restaurant it was a delightful surprise. Immediately after being seated we found ourselves greeted by a server who explained that the menu is meant to be shared family style and that many customers have just thrown caution to the wind and allowed a table full of random selections from the waitress.

We decided to have our waitress choose a selection of appetizers and we would each choose and entree. For appetizers, we were given tic tacs and calamari. The tic tacs can be described as asiago cheese and potato stuffed tim bits and were delicious. The calamari, however was a bit questionable. Our entrees were also good and the drinks we had were fabulous (I had the rosemary gin and egg white one). 

Overall, everything was very good and I would recommend this place if you are nearby and want to experience new Canadian food.If I could give this place more stars I would. The food was excellent and the service was even better! I had the lobster mac and cheese and we had a steak as well.  The main reason I'd give this place more than 5 stars is because the manager was very helpful. It was our first time visiting Calgary and we asked our waitress for a few ideas of places to go. She didn't know any but sent her manager over. The manager was great! Despite the fact that the restaurant was packed she took time to talk with us about places that we may like. She suggested a few walking trails, a hike, and directions to the city of Banff. She even wrote the information down for us. 
She made our trip to Canada worth it! We had a wonderful time enjoying Banff. If your in Calgary, this is a great place to grab a bite to eat. The drinks were great as well. Overall, great food, excellent service!We went to Briggs for NYE dinner. We made reservations on open table and were seated immediately upon arrival. I was very impressed with the decor of Briggs... I could stay there all day! Our server, Steven, was very attentive and professional. We stared with Poutine (I'll post a picture).... which was amazing. I ordered a pulled pork type sandwich for my entree, which was great! If I come back to Calgary, I'll definitely return to Briggs!I was pretty happy to see something new open up on 10th ave. near my office. Particularly that it is not another large beer hall. I have been here for several meals, lunch, dinner and even brunch. The food on the whole is outstanding. The Josper ovens add an awesome smokiness to just about everything. 

Brunch here on a Sunday was also excellent. I don't why, but that surprised me. I had the Eggs Benny and my mother had the French Toast. The eggs benny was pretty straight forward, but good and the potato pancake it came with was fantastic. I tried the French Toast, and Wow. 

My all time favorite dish here, however is the plain ol' burger. I think I've had it 5 times! Pretty hard to go wrong for $12 too!

My only complaint about Briggs is the share menu. I've had several of the items on it, and all are great. But they're small, and they're not cheap. I know they're for sharing, which is why they are small, but the price should probably reflect this. I think if more of the items were under $10 as opposed to over, I woul be more apt to go this way. 

One final note, decent beer selection for $6 per is pretty decent value considering the price at the neighbours down the road!

Either way, check this place out.I don't normally complain about places as I am a server myself, but man o' man was the service so terrible. We waited 30 minutes(not exaggerating.. we timed it) until we finally had to ask for menus. We got eyes up by 3 servers the entire time we were waiting. They kept walking passed us and glaring at us. I'm in the industry and it just blew my mind how these servers treated us. Maybe it was just an off night but I don't think I'll be back to Briggs.Firstly, I loved the menu cleverly disguised as a cutlery wrap. We got our first round of drinks in a  timely manner and our server gave us a great menu tour with his recommendations (in his made-for-radio voice). We chose a caesar salad, the seared broccoli, the featured pasta and a bottle of wine. All was delicious.

I'd like to give 4.5 stars because I feel like 5 implies THE BEST PLACE EVER, and I wouldn't go that far, but I have nothing to complain about and we really enjoyed our time at Briggs.Came here during lunch hour. Service was speedy and the server was very helpful when I asked for suggestions. They were having an event that evening and asked me to come back. Both plates I had were delicious.Amazing food, great service and personal touches! I would give this place a 10 out of 5 stars if I could! I shared the food (Putaine with Lobster appetizer, Rock Crab & Ricotta Gnocchi entree, & Chocolate Pot dessert) with my daughter. Each and every bite was heavenly and well presented. All of the wait staff, including the manager (or owner?) we so very kind and engaging. The service was on point and everything was cooked and delivered quickly. Great food at a great price, worth the visit (and the calories!).We stopped for an early dinner after touring around Calgary and viewing the Pride parade. We got a table in the front part of the bar by the windows since it was too cool to sit outside and too light out to be in the dark back section of the restaurant. I ordered the shaved Alberta beef sandwich with horseradish mayo and a very good side salad. We also ordered the flatbread which was excellent. Service was friendly and efficient. A good spot on a street with many other interesting dining choices.

August 2014The atmosphere here is awesome! The pastas and salad that we tried are so delicious with large portions. Great places for gatherings!Downtown restaurant with hip, modern interior and interesting twists on some old continent favorites.  I recommend starting with one of the innovative cocktails on their drinks menu.  I tried the Smoldering Tides, which featured peaty, smoky Laphroaig scotch blended with a fresh lime-ade.  It had never occurred to me to blend the assertive Laphroaig with anything, but somehow this "adult lemonade" worked pretty well.

For an appetizer we ordered the crispy blue cheese tart, accompanied by a nice kale and pear salad.  The tart was tangy but not overpowering, and the crust was perfectly flaky.  I also had a few nibbles of my companion's brussel sprouts.  I'm normally not a fan of this vegetable, but this version - with the sprouts pulled apart and blended with honey and bacon bits - was actually not bad.

For dinner I enjoyed the rock crab and ricotta gnocchi -a rich, indulgent dish that was just the right size to satisfy me, but filling enough that I didn't really want dessert after polishing it off.  

The only negative was that the server inexplicably brought our appetizers and dinner all at the same time.  It was a Monday night and the place was not very busy, so maybe the chef wanted to go home early.  Overall, though, Briggs is not a bad choice for a downtown dinner.Awesome place! The burgers are delicious and the pastas are great as well. I really enjoy the overall ambiance. Perfect for a more laid back date night or hanging out with friends.Came here for a friends birthday.... we were seated in a private glass room which was really nice. Our server was very friendly and attentive. 

I was super excited to try this place for the first time based on other yelp reviews. Maybe it was an off day but our food was meh!!! I ordered the hanger stake which was very chewy, the piece I had was stringy and sauce was on the salty side. My boyfriend ordered the deluxe chuck burger it looked delicious but the it was a sloppy mess. The bun was soggy after the first bite; it couldn't hold up to the egg and sauce. Overall in our entire table the short rib was the best plate.Wow! This food was amazing. Our waitress (forget her name, but the blonde from Nova Scotia) was incredible, accommodated for vegetarians and explained all our foods in detail. We asked for the Brigg special; where all the food is chosen for you and shared. So everything was a pleasant surprise.We decided to meet here as a group for a birthday dinner after hearing some good reviews.  I was curious to check out this restaurant!

Atmosphere:  4/5  Overall a casual and cool atmosphere with some uniqueness to the decor.  There is an open kitchen with some open fires; long wooden tables for our larger group.  The restaurant is also separated into another section to the other side and there is a special group function room separated by glass... in case the volume gets a little loud in the main dining area.  Overall good vibe for a casual group dinner / get together; the volume did become a little loud for conversation though.

Food: 4/5  I ordered the prawn angel hair w basil and tomatoes - good portion size and overall tasty.  I love that it came piping hot!  I would have also liked to try some other items in their menu such as the paella and gnocchi; I saw the short ribs being brought to another table which looked gigantic!!

Service: 3.5/5  Overall efficient and friendly

Price: 3.5/5  Overall reasonably priced for the amount / quality of food and atmosphere

Overall: 4/5  overall a solid 4/5; enjoyable experience  - Good versatile restaurant for a casual get-together with friends with a range of menu items fitting most people.  I would return to try some of their other food options.  I am not a drinker, but apparently we just arrived at the end of happy hour, so that would be another option for those who like to try too!Ooooo Briggs. You make a hell of a Caesar! Great kick, well seasoned. Yummmm!
Also, those Josper Chicken Wings with lemon salt and chili ketchup? Get out... 
The cheese fondue dip with foccacia is cheesy heaven. 
Want to really make your night? Dip the wings in the cheese. You won't be sorry. (Thanks Carley for telling that to the waitress, suggesting they serve them together). 
Oh man. I'd hit up Briggs again to see what else they have to offer!Went here on our last day in Canada eh? Yelp reviews were great, so was our dinner. Dropped off our Turo rental ate here and taxied back to airport. Jordon our server was awesome ( fur sure ) as she would say! She even got us the number for the taxi company.  Wife had the Newf's Poutine (The actual name of what everybody calls lobster poutine) it's a $20 appetizer very filling my wife had it as an entrée.  I had the 8 inch beef short rib for $29 it was delicious. It was tender and the meat just fell off the bone I really love the bed of potatoes that it was served on. I also tried the " not those Brussels sprouts" for $14 they're made with honey and bacon. Portion was huge way too much for me to eat better share with someone. Course I didn't want to eat it all because I wanted to get to desert. I had the white chocolate mousse for nine dollars it was full of fresh fruit it was so delicious!!  My wife had the warm chocolate pot for $11 no it's not the kind you smoke! But it was so rich that if you were smoking something you would probably want to eat this afterwards. I had a can of flat Darceille which was amazing and my wife had a corona total bill for two $109.20 plus tip. After eating in Banff for a week these prices seem cheap! But the food quality holds its own with any of those so-called foodie places in Banff well done guys I highly recommend eating hereBriggs was just OK for my friend and I.  We decided on lunch with the tasting menu.  We ordered the 
Devilled Eggs - really, really tasty
Calamari - could be a little more crisper; not enough salt
Lobster Mac & Cheese - could be a little more cheesier

Service - fantastic and our food came out quickly.  I was impressed!Go here!! Food was awesome. We went here for brunch. The waiter mentioned the ribs and gnocchi were good and since my wife loves pasta she got that. It was incredible. My wife couldn't stop talking  about how good it was so I tasted a little. So good. Maybe a little salty but not bad enough to spoil it. I just wanted something more simple so had the Build your own breakfast. Really good!! Hash browns were crisp on outside but nice and soft inside. Sausage was delicious and eggs were cooked perfectly. We were glad we went. Only thing stopping a five star is the fact we couldn't find it even though we were standing right outside as the sign for the Japanese restaurant upstairs is the only thing we could see, and also the fact we waited for a while up the front to get seated and had to go find someone even though there was only one other couple in the place when we arrived.  But I would go back in a heartbeat.I am sadly going to lower my review of this place. Was amazing. Truly. But the last three visits were not great. Twice we had service issues. Just misunderstandings but it does lessen the experience. Like we called and reserved the round table for a corporate group and they seated us in the bar instead. Was embarrassing as I talked the place up. 

But the real reason is the food has taken a turn. It has become fairly clear that they are buying in things and no longer making everything from scratch. At the pricepoint... Not ok. Food has become ho hum. I'm sad.I have eaten many times in this restaurant, and it feels like time it gets worse every time. The last time I had burger it was cold and I asked them to do something by about it, but it came back about the same. My friends also who have been here several times agree on lower quality of food than before.The food wasn't as brilliant as the waiter made it out to be. He said the chef was French, not Québécois (which seemed to be a lowly thing), but I've eaten much better both in France and QC, without feeling obligated to heap praises on each dish, while still chewing. The kitchen lacked the depth of experience, esp in the seasoning, of a similarly rated Montreal restaurant.  My friend and I continued at Anju, which has seasoned chefs, excellent food and drinks, and we were happier there.I'm not a fish person.. But that calamari and lobster ravioli OMG so fresh and good.  I'm glade it was ordered as a sharing appetizers.Nobody seems to know that there's a delicious weekend brunch here yet. They take reservations, but so far I haven't needed any. Lemon meringue waffles, Caesars and no lineup FTW!Arrive early to beat the lunch rush, no reservations for groups under 6!It would have been perfect but it was like they wanted our party of ten to leave!If you have a large group; do the Briggs experience and make sure to include the tomahawk.Great food great service!! Only complaint is the crappy white wine listThe pierogie breakfast is a revelation and the eggs benny is one of the best I've hadGood mix between sharing and individual menu itemsGreat atmosphere, great service and interesting food. I'll definitely be back.Delicious food and wonderful serviceGreat atmosphere. The wild mushroom ravioli was to die for!!They have Brunch and it rocks!!!Ask the friendly servers what their favorites are. They won't steer you wrong!Make that burger your own! This one I made has Four patties and extra aioli and standard cheese minus the rabbit food.Same entrance as the Japanese SteakhouseBurger is awesome, great steak, good service The atmosphere is great, the servicing is fantastic and the food is absolutely amazing! We sat at the kitchen bar and loved to watch as the chef's created and plated absolute masterpiece food!

Would absolutely recommend for anyone looking for a delicious meal in a fantastic atmosphere!We in Montgomery are jealous Chef Noble is sharing his talent.  Notable has been a major driver in the change we are seeing as a community.
The Nash is fabulous.While visiting Calgary I had the pleasure of experiencing the Nash. Maybe it was my company... but the food was top notch and the service was impeccable. I would recommend making a reservation because this place seems quite popular among the locals. We walked in around 5:30p on a Saturday and the hostess was able to seat us at the bar where we could watch the meat master work his magic on the wood oven grill. I ordered the Duck confit ravioli for starter and my only complaint would be that I wish I had more but it is very rich so I can see why the small portion. We ordered the AAA flat iron and rib eye for the entrees. WOW is all I can say. Clearly, Alberta does not mess around when it comes to beef. Best steak I have had in a while and this is coming from someone who often orders a $200 Wagyu steak in Vancouver. My friend fed me some of the fat on the rib eye and it melted in my mouth.. I was mind boggled how delicious it was - I usually cut the fat off! The chef working the grill had some impressive techniques and inspired me. Our server was a total babe and very sociable (too bad he's engaged ladies) his service was fantastic and he could recommend a wine pairing without me even picking up a list. Classy atmosphere, good looking and friendly staff, top notch chefs. I would recommend sitting at the bar to watch the chefs in action - you rarely find this kind of performance and dedication in Vancouver! Also, ask for the yam gnocchi - I wish I ordered a side of it.We finally went to the Nash last night. Had an amazing meal, my wife had the pork tenderloin and I had the ribeye. Everything was fantastic and the service was the best I can remember having in Calgary. We'll definitely be back again, desserts were also fantastic.Hmmmm so it seems my review got moved over. Oh well! Gives me another excuse to review the Nash!

I had a more complete experience the second time around. We strolled in on a late saturday night and they took us in with no reservations (I called a few days ago and the Nash was fully booked). But here's a Lifehack: take your chances at the off cut bar.

We ordered several dishes and nobody got time to be reviewing everyone so I'll give props for two things I still can't stop raving about. 

1. THeir octopus salad. Perfectly seasoned and cooked to the right texture. If it was any less seasoned, the slightly toughness made eating the octopus a chore. BUT, this was a amazing umame experience you didn't want to end or at least savour, like a perfect date with a 10. 

2. Beetroot sponge cake. SO interesting. I've never enjoyed anything this savoury and salty as a desert in my life. Worth taking a chance on, trust me.

The consolation prize goes to their burger, which really is built for one big mouth to tackle, rather than two cocktail-drunk chatty ones.Where to start... the ambience is like hipster meets posh and go in a date to ... Edmonton?!?!? One good thing though, the volume of the top40 radio station is low enough so you can have a decent conversation. There's a wood oven right in the middle of the room so the place can get really dry. Bring some moisturizer. 


We shared the family dinner menu on a Sunday night for almost $40/person. The salad came before the soup, and everything was pre-made so it took away the sense of "freshness". Flavours were ok and service was oddly fast. I wouldn't pick the family menu again.Love Notables. Love Nash. 

The atmosphere and decor...lovely, cozy, chic. 
The service......friendly, knowledgeable, prompt
The food.......flippin' delicious!!!

Appy.....best octopus I have ever eaten, so tender. Ham and foie gras, rich and flavourful 
Dinner....daily rotisserie was a tenderloin, cooked to perfection
Dessert...buckwheat and honey, delightful

Well done!
Would go back and recommend to everyone.I went here for a birthday dinner a few weeks after it had opened and wasn't impressed by their food. With the prices they have, I would have thought I'd get food that tasted well and satisfying,  but I unfortunately didn't get that.  I ordered an apple pie dessert which didn't taste or even look much close to your usual apple pie. My plate had shredded pieces of green apple with some crumbs and few pieces of cooked apple underneath the crumbs. It tasted horrible.  I couldn't believe I wasted money on it. Also, the size of the "apple pie" was so small I was surprised when the waitress placed on the table before me. Even my friend sitting beside me laughed when he saw it and asked what it was I ordered. Another friend at the dinner ordered their ganachd dessert which she didn't like at all. I don't plan to come to this place again, even though the restaurant's interior design looks nice.Great menu, great quality food.  Enjoyed a drink in the lounge before dinner. Definitely recommend this restaurant.Definitely our fav joint in town right now.  Every time we go we love it.  Keep up the great work everyone.  I have recommended it to many people and all have been just as happy as us.Loved the decor and the heritage/history of this building. Came here for a family dinner and the place was packed on a Friday night.

The menu features a wide variety of items including meats and seafood. Things are freshly made with a Canadian focus. Loved the starters - great for sharing. The pumpkin risotto is awesome. Super creamy and cheesy... strangely not much of a pumpkin taste though! The broccolini + bacon was also delicious! The squid and chickpea dish was interesting but was better on the menu than in real life. The roasted squash with spinach was a nice mix of textures - maybe a bit too spinachy. The mains were also solid - it's great that they de-bone the fish for you as it does come whole. Interesting way of cooking their fish in a rotisserie oven. My flatiron steak was okay - good but not memorable.

Overall a solid 4 stars for a nice dinner out.

(This place needs more bathrooms though!)This is probably the restaurant where i've had the best wooden fire cooked chicken! The atmosphere is amazing, elegant decorations, amazing service, best food! We felt spoiled by the chefs with such amazing dishes! Thank you for this! And congratulations!An excellent restaurant where the service was very good, (the staff went the extra mile to accommodate a large group of unexpected guests) and all our dishes of Bison, chicken and Iceland cod were very good. Yes, would go there again and recommend it to anyone.Well, I'll start with the positives.  The place looks great.  It is well spaced out and the decor is interesting, without being distracting.  The food was tasty, though pricey. Our meal for 6 people was $400, which included wine and 2 appetizers.

Here is the down-side, and it's a big one.  Someone in my party ordered the rotisserie chicken, which apparently tasted great. However, this person became violently ill later that night (symptoms started about 6 hrs after eating). I will spare you some of the details, but after having passed out, an ambulance was needed to take a trip to the hospital.  The paramedics and the doctor in the ER all suggested that it was most likely a result of the chicken dinner from The Nash, as the incident occurred within the suggested time guidelines for salmonella food poisoning (6-72 hrs after ingestion).  They also noted that it was the only different meal the ill person had eaten within the previous 3 days and no one else was sick.

I understand these things happen sometimes, in spite of any food safety precautions being taken. Although it is impossible to say for certain that the illness was from the chicken at The Nash, it is the most likely the scenario according to medical professionals. The next day we contacted The Nash after to let them know what happened, in case there were other cases or perhaps they like to keep track of these things. The 2 times we phoned no one answered so we emailed the guest relations staff member listed on their website. They did not respond for 4 days but when we finally got a hold of the manager on the phone he was familiar with our email, showing that they read it but chose not to respond. 30 mins after the phone call they did respond to the email where they essentially told us no comment and directed us to call Alberta Health Services. We specifically said in our email (and on the phone) that we don't want anything.  We didn't even expect a complimentary meal. We asked for nothing.

They referred us to a health inspector, even though we never mentioned a desire to report this incident to AHS. When the person who was ill was contacted by AHS they ended the conversation feeling as though the only goal of the inspector was to convince her that the food poisoning could not possibly have come from The Nash, as they haven't had problems before. Does that mean they can't ever have problems? They even asked if we'd been cleaning any out any RV sewage containers lately, which no, we don't have an RV.  Even though several different medical professionals gave the opinion that the chicken was the most likely and reasonable cause, the health inspector was very aggressive about why that couldn't be possible. We'll stick with what actual medical professionals told us.  We weren't trying to report The Nash and it was not our motivation to bring it to a health inspector and to be honest I wouldn't bother reporting anything to a health inspector again after this experience with them. We just wanted to keep The Nash informed, in case they actually cared about customers' dining experiences. That was our mistake, though, as I certainly don't feel like they care about our well-being. They have not contacted us since, even though they said they would if we called AHS.

So...advice to The Nash:  Just say, "Sorry to hear.  Thanks for letting us know.  We will look into it."  If they'd done that, we would have said, "You're welcome."  and that would have been the end of it.   In the end, they showed essentially zero empathy and demonstrated a level of customer service that I consider below a typical fast food chain restaurant.  They were rude, pretentious, defensive, and no one from our party will ever go back. I advise you to not go here either if those things are important to you.I always have an amazing meal at the Nash. The food is unbeatable. Love the atmosphere and great service. We love the charcuterie (however, last time we were in they significantly reduced the size of it, which was a bit disappointing. That being said, it's still by far the best charcuterie I've had in yyc).

Can be a bit noisy during peak hours. Definitely book a reso if you want to sit in the dining room on Friday or Saturday night. They have these strange mixed tables where you sit with people you don't know. I can see how that would be appealing to some, but if you're looking for a quiet place to go on a date it might not be your best bet unless you have a reso for two! The lounge is also amazing, and sometimes they even have live jazz. Fantastic bar. 

Easily one of Calgary's top restaurants & better than Notable (Chef Noble's restaurant in Bowness). Lots of character and located in a historic building in trendy Inglewood. A must try!The Nash is located in the iconic national hotel on 11th street SE in Inglewood, just behind the Starbucks!  There is plenty of street parking and I believe I saw a sign for Nash parking as well.

My gf is expecting like ANY day now but near the end of last year I was too busy for life so I didn't have any time to plan anything until the New Year. She's due on January 11 and I planned this little baby shower get together for her on January 2.  I was looking for a place in Inglewood when another friend of mine mentioned The Nash.  SWEEEET! I haven't tried this place and I heard good things AND it's in Inglewood!!!  I gave them a call to make a reservation for a group of 17 ladies on Saturday at noon.  When I called, it was easy, the hostess was very friendly and accommodating.  She did mention that since I had a large party they have a set brunch menu to make it easier for the kitchen, she mentioned that the set menu had a great selection so it was perfect. 

When we walked in, we were greeted by the hostess and over to your right, there is an offcut bar and an open concept kitchen with barstools around in the main area.  Our large rustic wooden table was right behind the hostess.  All of us were impressed by the beautiful table and décor - we all raved that we wanted a table exactly like it.  The large table is tall can comfortably fit 16 but we had to squeeze in another which wasn't bad at all!  Right away, our waters were filled and drink orders were taken.  The set menu was already prepared for us and it consisted of soup of the day, a couple of starters, salads, sandwiches, classic breakfast, flatbread pizza, a burger and poutine. Our group ordered different menu items but the majority of us went with their take on the classic breakfast.  The soup of the day was a tomato, potato basil soup.... which sounds like an odd combination but I decided to go with it anyway which to my surprise was a cream soup and absolutely delicious! I think a swirl of sour cream on top garnished with basil would have been a nice touch.  The classic breakfast came with a large slice of double smoked bacon, two free range eggs, rösti potatoes (grated potatoes), caponata (cooked sweet/sour vegetables made from chopped eggplant), and your choice of white, multigrain toast or english muffin.  Our table received orders one after the other but they must have forgotten about me because I had to ask about my dish.  Luckily I had my soup to sip on while I waited.  I was excited when my food arrived because I was huuuungry!! But I was glad everyone else was enjoying their meals. I really enjoyed the thick cut double smoked bacon, because you really can't go wrong with bacon, my preference for eggs was medium poached and it went perfectly cracked on my multigrain toast! The rösti potatoes were nice, it has a nice crisp on the outside and the caponata was a different but good sweet/sour side!  I really liked the toast and I'm wondering if it was homemade because it was sooo good.

Our server was great, super attentive, constantly filling waters and taking plates away when we were finished allowing us to chat comfortably.  It was wonderful because after our meals, my gf opened all her gifts with no interruption!  It appeared that all of the ladies I was with really enjoyed their meals and were excited for their second visit at The Nash.  Can't wait to visit Nash again and try some things on their regular menu (and dessert ;))!Great food, great atmosphere, and great service. A fantastic addition to Inglewood.

My wife and I went to The Nash to top off our Christmas date, and we are very glad we did. The Nash was the perfect way to top off an already stellar day.

The wait: There was none. We went on the Sunday before Christmas holidays and booked 3 days before. While the restaurant was full, I suspect a table for two wouldn't have had to wait for long to be seated even if they didn't have reservations. According to our waitress, Fridays and Saturdays are gongshows, so plan accordingly!

The service: no problems here. Our waitress came promptly after we were seated to take our drink orders. What was kind of weird was we had to ask for the full drink menu from Off Cut Bar, but our waitress grabbed the menu right away and was quite knowledgeable about the drinks. I went with a staple Village Blonde, but there are a variety of interesting sounding historical Calgary-inspired cocktails available that I will be sure to try on my next visit.

The food: As we weren't extremely hungry, we skipped the appies and ordered the Sunrise Co-Op Free Run Half Chicken and Seared East Coast Scallops. Both were AMAZING. If you've been to NOtaBLE, you will be familiar with the chicken. It's a perfectly roasted, rich tasting bird that strikes a good balance between the seasoning and natural flavours of the chicken. It's not going to win any awards for creativity, but there's something to be said about great execution.

I'm not sure why the Seared East Coast Scallops was given that name. I felt the star of the dish was the pork belly and delicious crispy proscuitto that comes with the dish. The pork belly was a tender, melt-in-your mouth affair that warms the soul on a cold December day, and the proscuitto provided a nice contrast in texture to the softness of the pork belly. There were also scallops. They were tasty.

The price: I would say The Nash is on the pricier side; definitely more expensive than the fare at NOtaBLE. However, I feel this is justified by the fact that the dishes are more inventive and novel.

All in all, we had a resoundingly positive experience at The Nash and look forward to a second visit in the near future. Definitely give this new gem a try!The short version: Our experience at this restaurant was an exceptionally long wait topped by a mediocre meal.

The long version: 
We were excited to have reservations at this place, with its buzz and pedigree.   We arrived at 8:45 for a 9pm reservation.  They had already bumped our reservation to 9:30...  A little irksome, but we figured it gave us a good excuse for a cocktail at the adjacent bar.   Stood at the bar for about fifteen minutes watching the two tenders smiling and shaking their.... Um.... Shakers lots for show, but not moving very fast and falling further and further behind on orders from the restaurant, while not servicing the bar itself at all.  

Finally gave up on bar service entirely when one of our party found a table in the bar which promised table service.  The very sweet server was completely overwhelmed, confused and stressed - but eventually made it to us to take our drink order.  I ordered a gin martini, a little dirty....  And got a lemon-infused vodka martini with olives in it.   The receipt showed "tar benders special".   Whatever, I was thirsty.... No complaints, and was just happy to get a drink... By this time it's 9:30 or so, 45 mins in.   And we figure we'll be seated in the restaurant soon.   We check in with the hostess, and she says soon... She'll come get us in the bar.

Getting close to 10, still nothing, drinks long gone, we order a bottle of wine.  Wine menu is OK.  No particular specialty, pretty short list for a restaurant catering to foodies.  Sommelier came by to make a recommendation, was very nice.

10:15 still don't have a table for us.  Our server nicely comps us a cheese plate which was lovely and staved off full hangry mode.

10:30 we check in with the hostess again and it turns out they now thought they already seated us.... Had our name crossed off the list.  

10:40 finally we get seated in restaurant.  As we are walking through the restaurant I see only two tables with food on them... Not hopeful.   New server was also very pleasant.   We had the menus memorized by this time so we ordered right away.   They were out of a number of things on the menu. I was hoping for the Elk Ossobuco - they were out of the elk, but were making the dish with Bison.  Still sounded good, so I rolled with it.   

Meal actually arrived pretty quickly, by this time the restaurant was clearing out, was close to 11.  Presentation was sub par... Huge pile of brown meat, no garnish, a small blob of hidden cooked greens, and blob on either side of a tablespoon or so of risotto.   Meat was nicely cooked, tender and falling off the bone.  Seasoning was pretty uninspired... Bland.  The sauce under the risotto tasted like off the shelf barbecue sauce.   Overall the food was fine, but not what I would expect from a place with this much hype, and certainly not worth an hour and a half wait past our reservation time.

I hope they work out the kinks in this place.   Ambiance is good, servers friendly, and it has potential.  But right now the management needs to get their act together and the food needs to be taken up a notch for it to get return business once the newness fizzles out.4+ stars for the Offcut Bar, 3.5 for the restaurant. The ambience of the bar is lively, and distinct from the restaurant section. The drinks are expensive, but unique, strong and well crafted (they have an extensive tinctures station at the bar), and the menu doesn't take itself too seriously (there are nods to The National Hotel's unsavoury past). The bar is sizeable, and has a clear view of the quasi-open kitchen. My waitress was very accommodating in terms of trying to find a wine to suit my palate as we transitioned over to dinner. The dinner menu at The Nash does not stray too far from the successful offerings at Chef Michael Noble's original Montgomery restaurant, the typographically cringe-worthy NOtaBLE. There are a few appetizers, artisan in-house bread, a number of fire-roasted meats and a handful of other entrées. This is a traditional high-end comfort N. American menu that won't insult anyone's palate. The pork belly was well rendered, but could have used a bit more pop from fennel or star anise for extra points, especially when paired with the well-sautéed scallops. Draped with nage, it was a satisfying portion. At $34 a plate, it was exactly what I'd expect in terms of quality, if not pushing any culinary boundaries. This new restaurant brings finer dining to Inglewood (albeit with t-shirted waiters, and cabin-cum-studio decor), but with the current menu doesn't add much to the overall Calgary scene beyond the original NOtaBLE.Fantastic all around service. The food, atmosphere, bartender, thoughtfully curated wine list. Dining at The Nash was very encouraging for this former SF-based patron. I would recommend this establishment to anyone that loves checking out farm to table restaurants. Well done!The Offcut bar is one of my favorite places to enjoy chocolate mouse and port while enjoying friends in an cozy/upscale atmosphere.    Service is always great!Met the boys for a Friday lunch at The Nash. I have dined in Inglewood many times, but had no idea about this gem. Upon entering the establishment, I immediately felt under dressed. Fortunately, we were sitting in the Off Cut Bar.  The decor is amazing! Our table top, for example, was cleverly supported by repurposed radiators.

Our server was quick to greet us, hand over menus and take our drink order. Tap beers are from a local craft brewery, but I cannot recall the name. The IPA was delicious nonetheless.

Onion soup was recommended so I took the suggestion along with the burger and added the smoked bacon which is done in house and the green salad as a side. My Dining Buds ordered a Rueben and a salmon dish. Food arrived promptly - fresh and hot! Needless to say conversation ended as we tucked into our food. Absolutely delicious!!

No dessert takers, but sampled a couple other brew varieties. Have to find out the name!

Give The Nash a try! Awesome!My bday brunch was hosted at The Nash on a Saturday afternoon and we all (party of 18) loved it. The décor is modern and cool, but still has a home kitchen feel with lots of natural light. It occupies a large open space which was almost full. The restaurant staff were incredibly accommodating and our server was excellent. Food and drinks were a little slow coming, but not totally unexpected for a new restaurant. The presentation and quality of food was excellent with some interesting items - delicious rosti which takes the place of boring ol' hasbrowns. The cinnamon bun is a MUST. One to share between four people is more than enough. Also, I can't recommend the ceasar ENOUGH. By far the best I have had in the city and they don't even overcompensate with ridiculous garnish. I'm excited to try dinner at The Nash next time, but as far as brunch goes, definitely worth checking out.The Nash - I hadn't even heard of this restaurant until a friend suggested it for dinner. This was definitely a cool, upscale experience. The ambiance and decor were very tasteful and thematically appropriate - everything matched from the wall art to the decor style to the tables. 

The menu is fairly small, which is a great thing for a restaurant like this - it makes me believe that it's carefully thought out and menu choices are meaningful. It's definitely an upscale dining experience with the associated price tag - but in my opinion, it's worth it. 

We started with the steak tartare and duck confit ravioli - the tartare was fresh, seasoned well, and served with pickled vegetables and chips. I would not have minded a more bread-y substitute to the chips. The duck confit ravioli was creamy and definitely delicious, with the exception of the fact I felt it was oversalted (unfortunately a bit of a theme throughout the night, and this is coming from a guy who usually prefers a bit of oversalting). 

For our mains, I got the lamb sirloin and my friend got the 12 oz ribeye. The ribeye came with a veggie mix and blue cheese gnocchi - while I love gnocchi, I found these pieces to be a bit too large with not enough texture (or mouthfeel) and again, oversalted. The steak was pretty good, but for $57 I would expect something a little bit more mindblowing. 

The lamb however, was indeed outstanding. It was cooked to perfection with a fantastic palette of seasoning and appropriate flavours. 

The dining experience as a whole was really positive - I loved the atmosphere and the food is very good. While I would definitely come back, I feel that for this price range there are other excellent establishments in Calgary I'd like to make a second visit to before this one.Great space and the food was delicious. Every time we've been there the servers have been great too!I booked his restaurant for my birthday from OpenTable. about a week after I booked, I got a call from this restaurant and was told they wouldn't open  on the day. They asked me if I want to book for another day.

I just lost a week to find other nice restaurants while they were figuring out if they open or not. I believe they could have called me a way earlier than that if they care.

When I went back to OpenTable, they were still taking reservation for the day. 

I'm just guessing that they just happened to get a big private reservation on the day, so they decided to cancel all other small reservations or they did not get enough reservations worth to open the restaurant on the day.

I will not try again because i don't want to get it cancelled a week after, no matter how good they are.

I don't know and I don't care how their food taste like anymore.

Simply, disappointing with the service.

Bye,Our server, Kate, was a rock star! Food was good. The atmosphere was elegant but comfortable. Very bright for lunch.  The rustic tables were a little uneven for one of diners and the seats were a bit uncomfortable at the tall tables, but it was a great work lunch.Great spot. The design draws you in immediately. Vintage tile floor in the entrance; lounge on the right and open plan restaurant straight ahead. The food is very high quality and creative. The wine list is more than adequate with lots of choices in the sweet spot 40-80. Great service. Very energetic, maybe a little noisy for us middle agers. Highly recommend.No question-its a 5. Its a bit spendy so I really enjoy it if someone else is paying. heehee. I however unequivocally enjoyed the last dinner I had there - even though I paid. 
We had a table for 4 of us. Decor is so lovely in the old dirtball National Hotel. The Nash is shabby chic and elegant and sweet and beautiful.  We had the potato rolls which were ridiculous. Like all 4 of us stopped talking and we laughed at how we were all speechless. And we had the daily bread which wad also delicious. My hubs and friend ordered the special which was the Prime Rib special. I almost had food envy except for the BC Salmon that I ordered and was also delicious. We shared a bottle of wine after very unique cocktails. I had a kind of Tom Collins which was delicious and unique. Wine was lovely and the fellas had a twist on an Old Fashion. Dinner we finished with a lemon tart and a chocolate flourless cake. Perfect ending to one of the best meals I have had in a long long time. Go there. Its worth it.Came for opening night and came back another day for lunch in December. Service was great, we didn't make a reso for lunch but were given a few options since it was full. Ended up getting in right away and sat down for lunch. 

My lunch date and I both ordered the pulled rotisserie chicken sandwich. She had hers with fries and I had salad. While the salad was good I was in a fry mood lol and her's were fabulous!! Next time it's fries for me! The sandwiches were tasty, the restaurant gorgeous.

Looking forward to bringing my husband along next time!Visited Nash for lunch. The space is beautifully designed, great first impression walking into the restaurant but unfortunately there were a few problems. The hostess was rude, she didn't have a record of our reservation and seated our office team celebrating an important employee milestone in the bar on skinny bar tables which gave us barely enough room to eat. The food was just okay. Nothing spectacular. The server was harsh, really pushing alcohol and not overly friendly. Needless to say it was a disappointing experience.Have been waiting to try this place out and Friday we had a guys day out so started here. 6 of us for lunch, 4 burgers, 1 salmon and 1 reuben. Burger was excellent with a piece if bacon that is more like pork belly, the others all loved their food as well. Tasty local beers on tap. A bit on the expensive side but we all enjoyed it. 

Great service also!The food was delicious here, but the service was terrible. There was a party of 9 of us and because of the guaranteed gratuity the server checked in on us twice the whole 4 hours we were there and one of those times was to take our order. We waited just over an hour for our food (I understand that good food takes time but when your server won't give you the time of day to take drink or appy orders or even fill your water, 1 hour can feel like 3 when you're hangry). Won't be back here anytime soon. A waste of good food and good decor on an establishment with awful service.The food was exceptional. Presentation and taste were excellent. Service was very good. Our server was terrific at recommending which dishes she thought would suit our needs. It is on the pricier side but you get generous portions. So if you are looking for a fancier place to wine and dine, this is a good option.One of my favorites in Calgary! Urban elite atmosphere and killer food and cocktails.From the moment we walked in, the service was impeccable! Josh made sure we were comfortable and at ease :)
Our waiter was very friendly, and also helpful with helping us choose between dishes.
The food was superb-we were only going to have a quick bite, but ended up splitting a burger and ordering a plate of the duck ravioli; absolutely excellent! 
Next time we have a night out for a date, we'll be going back to the Nash for sure!
Thanks for a wonderful experience!After a shakey start, the Nash has come into it's own as an Inglewood establishment for good food and great cocktails!  Never a cheap night, but always enjoyable, it has become one of our regular haunts.  They've demonstrated an ability to keep their quality staff over the years which always bodes well for a business and makes it a friendly place to visit.Top shelf, one of the best food offerings in Calgary!

We've been coming here since opening night and have yet to be disappointed. 

We had a brilliant dinner experience this week. It started with amazing service: our server Nicki was attentive but unobtrusive, professional but friendly. She ensured the experience was excellent.

Not to be outdone, Chef Matthew Batey's menu offerings were flawless. Prime rib, chicken, and ling cod - all exquisite. Served quickly after we had polished off the tuna and white bean appetizers. The prime rib was the wood grill special and it was great - invariably the wood grill specials are awesome. Also, the chicken has a great reputation - you can take out whole chickens. 

Don't forget your gluten: daily breads are always unique and tasty. And the desserts were really nice: the banana fritters were tops!

Thank you Chef Matthew. Thank you Nicki. Thank you The NashI went to the Nash for dinner with my boyfriend. It was a Wednesday night and we didn't think to make reservations, however the place was pretty full but we didn't have to wait for a table. I ordered the Arctic char, my boyfriend got the duck breast, and we shared a unique mango dessert. We had excellent, friendly service from Bjorn. We both enjoyed our specular meals, especially the duck, the cherry sauce that came with the place was so delicious we both wanted to slurp it up with a spoon! Our dessert was amazing, nothing like I've ever seen before; a mix of spicy and sweet! It was infused greens, fluffy cake with wasabi icing, black sesame crackers and the best mango sorbet I've ever tasted! I am very happy with the food, service, ambiance and location of this place and would recommend it to anyone!Huge shout out to Niki S ... food here is always excellent and pairing it with the best service is magic. Thank you Niki for making our meal tonight just that extra special with your suggestions, warm nature and all around great energy!! If Bison is served when you come, it's a must. Chicken is the best chicken if you're going to order chicken at a restaurant. My fiancé and I love this place. It's worth it if you've never been. You'll leave satisfied, happy and inspired. Sitting at the bar by the grill is very cool and entertaining!!!Excellent all around.  The service, the ambiance, the food, the wine, the cocktails, the plenty of parking out back!  Must try.  If you are looking for big portions for a decent price, this is not your place.  If you are a foodie, looking to delight your tastebuds, or looking for a great date spot, come home to The Nash!Excellent stop in for lunch after the lunch hour.
Lamb Tag was absolutely delicious, complimented with a nice pinot grigio.
Very quiet, and enjoyable, the server is wonderful, she is perfect.

And now to enjoy a pressed decaf. Coffee

CheersExcellent brunch service! The servers are friendly and helpful and always make sure your drinks are full. I had the traditional breakfast and shared a cinnamon bun. Everything was excellent but prepare yourself for a rich flavour experience as the potatoes are cooked in duck fat! 

I could go again just for a cinnamon bun and a side of bacon and be happy for the day :).

Also to note, they are one of the only brunch places that takes reservations which I love! No more standing on the sidewalk for an hour hungry and hungover!I popped in here for lunch and the food was tasty and the service was very good. I ordered the Pacific Halibut "Hot Dog" and it was a different take on the concept. If you are expecting a traditional type of hot dog then this isn't for you but if you want to try something different, I don't think you'll be disappointed.Went for lunch.  Food was good but expensive.  Feeling that this place is more hype than content.The Nash = exceptional food + very poor service
Notable = exceptional food + exceptional service

We sat at a table with a clear view of the servers station. It was very upsetting to see the staff  having such a grand time visiting with each other while the customer was waiting and waiting and waiting......

I hope the staff at The Nash can be tutored by the experienced staff at Notable - quickly!Finally had a chance to check out the Nash and was not disappointed.  Went for brunch today and we're able to walk right in.  Sat up at the kitchen bar and watched the food being prepped.  Great way to decided what order.  Picked the hangover pizza and steak to share.  Hangover pizza was awesome.  Ideal balance of flavours especially with the suggested back bacon addition.  The steak itself was excellent.  Chimichurri on top was a nice compliment.  But the kale side was too acidic with the chimi sauce.  On their own great, but not together.  Didn't even really touch the fries.  Food serving size was healthy.  Prices a bit high but worth it all in the end.  Plan to return again to try the dinner menu next time.Once again I wish that you were allowed to give .5 stars on this site because I think The Nash deserves a 3.5. My girlfriend and I shared the Steak Tartare and the Windy Acres Rabbit and Pork Terrine for starters. For my entree I chose the Flat Iron Steak which was pretty good but unfortunately her choice of the Lamb Shank was a poor one and the dish did not live up to expectations. The best plate of the night belonged to the Rabbit and Pork Terrine but it probably wasn't enough to salvage an average dinner experience. We probably won't be back to The Nash with all of the great dinner options in Calgary.Funny I drafted this up when I went for the first time 2 years ago and never posted:

"Good? Yes.  Great?  That'd be a stretch.

Excellent service and the decor is awesome."

I went again last night and felt about the same, it was okay but nothing special at all - from a food and value perspective.  Service again was better than average, decor is awesome and location wise it's great.  But in the end the food is visually appealing and creative looking but just average on taste.  I liked the pork tenderloin, but it was served over an undercooked sweet potato.  And the $49 halibut makes me more and more angry the more I think about it.  $49????  It was an average size piece of Halibut served in a Thai sauce (which was good, liked it in the mussels appetizer) and some potatoes (which by the way did not match for the dish, at all).I'm all for an experimental menu but if the food doesn't deliver its really just alot of wank. My husband and I love trying new flavors so I was really looking forward to Nash, sadly I was heavily disappointed.

Our server was helpful and the atmosphere and interior of the restaurant is great, but that is where my enjoyment ended. Upon reading over the cocktail menu I was immediately put off, I love my food, I love my cocktails but COME ON! not one cocktails had a list of ingredients which flavors I knew well enough to know if they would go well together. It was the by far the most pretentious cocktail menu I have ever read. You would have had to have been a bartender to know even half of the cocktail menu ingredients (and this was agreed upon with the other 6 friends at our table - so it wasn't just us!), so anyway I bypassed the cocktail menu and went for wine, which was great. Like I said I love my cocktails, but this was list was laughable.

Wait Time: My husbands beer took over 20 mins to arrive, also our food took almost 45 mins but that may have been because we were a table of 8.

Food menu, we were quite shocked at the prices to begin with. It was really expensive but if the food delivers than I'll happily pay.  Sadly my food was good but nothing to rave about (considering how much it was). My husband ordered the pork belly and scallops and I ordered the chicken. My chicken came with a pea risotto and I didn't even eat the risotto as it was way too heavy on the peas. The smoked flavor was really good though, not amazing but good. We did order the side of the wild mushroom risotto and that was really good but again for the price, I'm expecting GREAT. My husbands pork belly was really tasty, but he was still hungry once he was done, this was after a bread starter and a beer, really disappointing. The sourdough bread that we had for a starter was great as well. One other couple at our table wanted to order it as well and sadly they only had one loaf left so we all shared - again something that shouldn't happen if you're charging what Nash is charging. 

So with the over pretentious cocktail menu and the lack of deliverance on the actual taste of the food, I sadly give Nash 2 star. I was disappointed.While the food was very good, it could hardly make up for the absolutely poor service. When we left we actually remarked to one another that the only friendly staff member we encountered was a bearded bartender.  Upon arriving and requesting a table for two we were told 45 minutes and to take a seat in the bar.  After an hour I checked back in with the hostess and she advised it would be at least another 30 minutes. It was almost 2 hours before we were seated. As a well dressed polite couple in our early 30's I have not felt so discriminated since I was in my early 20's looking for a new car at a dealership where everyone scoffs you off and could care less about you. Staff need to refocus on service and stop acting above the patrons because they work at a nice restaurant with a great chef and food.Had dinner at the Nash on Sunday night. The food and the service were good. I was not happy with the Diver Scallop appetizer. It was $26.00(!!) and I received two scallops, each about the size of a loonie. Total, absolute rip off. The tab was $167.55 for two, including two apps, two entrees, two cocktails and the tip. Actually, I would have been okay with the cost if there had of been four scallops of if they had not been so small. The lamb pot roast was really good.I heard lots of great things about The Nash and it didn't disappoint! I love Notable but knew The Nash was a different menu and vibe in Inglewood! So glad that we finally had a chance to try it out. Worth the wait. 

We came by on Thursday night around 8:30pm for a later dinner. The restaurant was still quite full and very lively. This was a bit surprising since the weather was horrible. Now I know everyone was hiding inside eating! 

Service was top notch and wouldn't expect anything less from the hostess and servers at this establishment. Not one negative or anything to complain about. 
 
We ordered a couple drinks, their signature burger and duck ravioli for dinner.  I sampled both dinners and they were both delicious. I wish there was left overs of the ravioli to take home but we devoured it. 

Fantastic food, excellent service and a great atmosphere.  5+ stars. I will come back to try out the brunch one weekend, since I hear so much about it. Thanks The Nash!The Nash might be pricey but it is worth every bite.   The portions are what they should be.   You feel satisfIed.   Not like generic family resuraunts.  The atmosphere is amazing.   The food is amazing.   Bravo!A week before my Calgary business trip, Gayle asked me why she wasn't coming along.  She had just retired after 18 extraordinary years at the City of Walnut Creek, and was still adjusting to her new "schedule".  My response was that I invited her a few months before, and she turned me down.  I guess Calgary in January wasn't very appealing at the time. 

The Nash is a classy place, that I will take my classy wife to lunch or dinner the next time we're in town.  I saw the Nash name in one of the City's free magazines in an article featuring the founder of the nearby Espy Experience who was singing its praises in particular, and the Inglewood neighbourhood in general.  So one early morning, I took a walk from my Hilton Garden Inn "residence" and saw Inglewood (and the Nash building myself).  My local friend Jim told me later that the refurbishment of this distinctive historical building into the Nash was long in coming and almost brick-by-brick. 

I came here last Friday from Lunch and dined at the counter of the Off Cut Bar.  The Bar area is a very nice space, well arranged, handsomely appointed, and with big front windows letting in the light.  I understand that there's music here on Thursday evenings? Space-wise, the Off Cut Bar is off to the side as you walk in. Onward is a huge and spacious dining area, with table cloths, and well-dressed and attentive staff.  Gayle's kind of place. 

On this relatively cold and sunny day, I ordered one of my Midwest favorites: a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup/bisque combination, along with a pint of a local red ale. Delicious.  Great bar keep service too.  I also dined more slowly than usual as I wanted to linger and enjoy the experience as much as possible.  It was kind of like a Torah service: you get there quickly and leave slowly. 

Who knows if or when Gayle and I will be back in Calgary and what other unexplored culinary outposts await.  But for sure, the Nash will be on my short list.This place has opened up in Nov 2014, still brand new, and hasn't completely found itself. However, the service was impeccable and the environment was quite unique. Some items on the menu we tried were quite small portions, so you might want to check that before you order!My friend and I ate here on Saturday evening at 5PM, so we figured it wouldn't be too busy, and it wasn't.  There was room in the lounge on some uncomfortable stools at the community table.  The service was mediocre, and our server was not that cheery although the another server attending to tables near the window seemed more friendlier with an inviting warm smile.  My friend and I both ordered the Nash Cheeseburger.  It was a mix of beef and pork, and I have to say it was very disappointing.  The burger was much smaller than the size of the bun, the burger slid around in the bun, and the bacon was a tough chew.  We both left a quarter of the bun on the plate, stating the same reason.  As for the fries, they were good, although we had to remind the server for ketchup.  I would recommend going elsewhere for burgers, plus this place reeks of pretentious people.Tonight I attended the opening of The Nash in Calgary's Inglewood community.
Located in the historic former National Hotel, Chef Michael Noble, from NOtaBLE fame, has opened his (quote) "Last Restaurant" and it is impressive!

The food is exactly what you would expect from a former Iron Chef competitor while the design and atmosphere are like no other in the city.

On one side, a delicate dinning room which serves everything from Brisket to Lamb. 

And on the other side; Off Cut Bar. 
A moody open concept speakeasy which serves some of the most creative cocktails you've ever tasted

The Nash is open for dining until 10pm and Off Cut Bar will welcome patrons for lite bites and savory sips until Midnight.

This Resturant and Bar will change the face of this sleepy community!I loved the dining experience at The Nash, and the OffCut Bar! We started at the Offcut Bar, while we were waiting to get in on the waitlist to The Nash for dinner. The wait was about an hour but we enjoyed a glass of wine or two and visited. It was busy and loud, and fun. The room has a great atmosphere and the room is a very interesting mix of old and new. I had a fantastic dinner at The Nash as well.  I had the Sirloin Steak and it was cooked to absolute perfection. I was blown away! We ordered the Notable bottle of wine which was great as well. We had room for dessert and shared the rhubarb stilton cheesecake, and the Chocolate mousse. I would order the Chocolate mousse again, but the cheesecake was too small and very stilton-y...which made for mixed reviews at our table. Great atmosphere, cool part of town, great parking, amazing food and lovely service from our server who was also a studied sommelier. Very impressed and going back as soon as possible for round two!Food was good, but service today was surprisingly poor. We came with a group of 10 for a birthday party at the large table. Our server was Ashley and from the very beginning something just didn't feel right. She wasn't very friendly, and she didn't attempt to make our dinner especially enjoyable. Not sure if maybe she was having a bad day, or didn't want to put too much effort because the gratuity was guaranteed for her but we definitely noticed. We are all in our early 20's and at times maybe loud, but not rude or obnoxious. 

I was here yesterday too for dinner with my parents and our server yesterday was exceptional! I was kind of surprised with the service today. 

In terms of food, the poutine was really good, the salmon chowder and the first dessert on the menu were great. I tried the family style meal and though it was a good deal I wasn't loving the bison.Had a fabulous night at the Nash. I had the duck, which was amazing. My boyfriend had the rib eye steak, which was also delicious. We got a side of fries, which were tasty as well. Finished it off with the decadent chocolate mousse. Service was nice, though the bar was really "backed up" that night, which means the drinks took quite a while. Lovely atmosphere, look forward to returning.The Nash is a SMASH Hit!!!
Try the lounge, try the restaurant but just come here!!! This old historic bldg in Inglewood has turned into a trendy upscale foodie paradise! 
All 4 of us in our party agreed that every dish, every ingredient, every carefully placed herb & spice perfectly complimented each plate. 

We started with the Crispy Potato Rolls (pulled pork, pepper jack, Sriracha, salsa verde) which looked like little spring rolls. They were served with what we would refer to as a "Siracha Mayonnaise". The Beetroot Salad was delicious and had an unexpected treat in the middle...beet sorbet!

Our server was able to discuss the menu with ease. She answered our questions and made suggestions based on our preferences. She also advised us to order two sides to share "family style". We chose the vegetable which was cabbage and the today's risotto which had chêvre & tomatoes.

The entrees we decided upon were the Hardwood Grilled Plank Salmon, pan Seared Ling Cod, Tamworth Pork Tenderloin, Almond and Leek Ash Crust and Basil, Chicken & Roasted Squash Rigatoni. Each dish came with perfect accompaniments to allow each mouthful to be absolute heaven for your senses!

We were pretty full by dessert so just had coffees and tried the Roasted Banana Doughnuts. What a treat! A Perfect End to a perfect meal. 
Thank you Chef Michael Noble and all your hard working staff!

Our SERVER SPLIT OUR BILL PERFECTLY 4 WAYS AND TOTALLED WHAT EACH ONE OF US OWED, WITHOUT EVEN HAVING TO ASK, IMPRESSIVE!!!Came here for a birthday dinner with 6 friends.  They insisted we could only eat at 5:30 or 8:30 with a group that large.  My friend who organized had to pay $100 deposit in advance which was returned to her as a Nash gift card.  Ridiculous.  Server was friendly but incompetant, kept disappearing while taking our order.  Served one of us wine while two others were still waiting to order?  Very odd.  They were out of many things on the menu.  All the food was mediocre and very salty.  My friend ordered the duck and specified she wanted steamed vegetables, but they brought her lamb with sauteed vegetables.  She had to ask three times for it to be changed and in the end she got her veggies but just gave up and ate the lamb.  Did I mention all the food was incredibly salty?  And I like salt.  For those prices, I wanted it to be delicious like Rouge or even Notable.  Then at the end of the night our waiter disappeared even though we desperately wanted to pay our bill.  Nobody seemed to be chomping at the bit to get in on the 8:30 seating that was supposedly behind us.  

I don't think I will be back - however the decor is absolutely lovely. I love the historic Calgary influences.  Great job to the interior designers.

Edited to add - my friend who had the mix up with her meal did get her meal comped.  So that is appreciated.Went back again for brunch on Sunday as my hubby and I were craving the hangover pizza.  Unfortunately they changed it and it paled in comparison.  What a disappointment!  The new one was a Mexican spin?! Mush mush mush.  The pizza crust was topped with bean curd (mush)' then a salt sausage salsa (more mush) and cheese and two eggs.  Needless to say, we did not finish anything but the eggs and the side of double smoked bacon which was yum.  Upon our early departure I asked it there was a "to go" option for the rest of my coffee.  There was not but suggest an option to have in future as the coffee is too good to waste.  Overall, I do not plan to return for brunch anytime soon and hope that the original hangover pizza returns....Came here the last Friday working of the Christmas season.  After driving around for 20 minutes to find parking....Was really excited to come try as I'm a huge fan of notable.  Was looking forward to the new chef and seeing the Nash re-done. It was a Santa Monica look meets Calgary. A bit strange but open and refreshing look, just weird for something that could have been created that was really neat.  They  kept more of the historic look.   I laughed that you saw the happy chicken right away.  Then looking at the limited menu it had a few of the notable dishes...not something fresh and new?  Why again is what I'd think? My friend had been here 4 times and said it was pretty good but declined everytime she was there and was sad she had already eaten most things on the menu since it was so limited.  She ordered the fish and said it was brutal.  I ordered the pasta. It was not good.  I left half.  We saw the waitress to order wine and lunch and she didn't come back.  3 of the wines I ordered didn't come in...??? How does this happen?? she gave me one that wasn't my preference and was not very good.you think someone would have checked in on that and the meal.  She didn't. Then someone came and cleared.  Food had trouble meeting mediocre.  We saw chef noble over looking.  If he had come by we were going to say what happened?!?! Notable is amazing.  The waitress returned and suggested we try the apple tart.  It was awful.  I would not recommend it to anyone.  
So sadly, I have to post this.I had the pleasure of hanging out in the Off Cut Bar at the Nash. Located in Inglewood (recently named Canada's greatest neighborhood in the Great Places competition), there's an awesome vibe as you walk into the bar - it's comfortable, yet edgy.

The space is roomy, yet cozy with lots of room to sit or stand (I was at an event that had me mostly standing, but I was completely fine with this). The bar is the perfect place to mingle and nibble on fanastically prepared & presented charcuterie plates. The meats, cheeses, olives, breads, and crackers were extremely fresh and delicious.

The actual bar (where drinks are made) is along one wall, and there are windows opposite the bar looking out onto the street. So, you don't get a closed in feeling, but it actually feels quite spacious.

The location was once the National Hotel and boasted a speakeasy style bar popular with an eclectic mix of shady patrons. (You can see some of their pics on the wall).

This was an evening event and I loved how the lighting stayed low even once it was dark outside the windows. It was such a relaxing atmosphere, and as I sipped my wine and looked around, I made a plan to visit the Off Cut Bar again soon.I HATE having to give The NASH a measly 2 star rating, since I love Notable so much but....here it goes.
We were greeted quickly and sat at one of the long communal tables at the very front of the restaurant, next to the expediter who handles the food.  Our server was fantastic. She was very friendly, and efficient.She check on us and refilled our coffee/water without us asking.
The decor is beautiful. They did a great job of keeping the historical element of the old National Hotel, and creating a spacious but warm environment.
What's my issue then? First, the food.
I ordered the pulled chicken sandwich, and I chose the King Oyster mushroom soup as a side. My mother had the burger with the soup as well.
My sandwich was TINY, I mean 7 bites and it was gone. It tasted no different than something I would get at Sunterra. No distinctive flavours and very little meat inside. The soup was creamy and rich but I cant say the meal was worth the money I paid.
Same goes for the burger. While it was substantial in size, it was a tad dry, and tasted very plain. It was topped with standard toppings. I guess I expect a bit of pizzaz  when paying  $18 for a burger. Especially when Calgary has a ton of places that do a wonderful job of stacking beef patties for a lot less.
My other bone to pick was during almost our entire meal, there were staff at the other end of the table, talking, texting, eating, coming and going. Between their loud conversations and the expediter announcing he needed staff to take the food to their tables, it was quite distracting.
Needless to say, I dont think I'll be giving Nash another go.Conceited staff with no motivation to provide customer service is when they are already granted an 18% gratuityWe went to the Nash for our anniversary dinner, and we really wanted to love it since we are such big fans of Notable. The decor of the restaurant is quite beautiful- but the menu was very limited. My husband and I prefer to order lots of small dishes and enjoy sampling everything a restaurant has to offer, and found this quite difficult at the Nash. The appetizers are not meant to be shared, and we found very few options on how to order other than to eat an appetizer each, then order an entree each. Our waitress was professional, but seemed rushed to ask us what we wanted to drink, instead of greeting us and asking why we came in etc. We find at Notable the staff are always eager to socialize with us, and when they find out its a birthday/anniversary, find a way to make your evening special. We didn't get the sense at the Nash that they cared- perhaps they have been so busy since opening that they don't need to focus on the the little things that make all the difference. All in all - we won't be returning, not because the restaurant isn't nice, but because we find other places in town to be much more flexible for our dining style.Not a stellar start for Michael Noble.  As a regular to Notable I was highly anticipating trying out the Nash.  The food quality is the same as Notable but the portions??? wtf???. 

 I order shrimp/scallop dip at Notable and it is substantial.  I order risotto with shrimp at Nash??? 3 shrimp ring size shrimp (not large prawns) and an ice cream scoop of risotto for $16.  Seriously dont try to recoup the cost of opening a restaurant off of one customer alone.  

I order tagliatelle at Notable and its substantial.  Oder gnochetti at Nash?  had to reorder as there wasnt enough to go around.

I order duck at Nash, I get what seems to be 1/2 a breast, a little overdone and served in a bowl.  Maybe you want to save on the cherry bing sauce so you make the customer collect it at the bottom of the bowl???, but I dont like cutting meat in a bowl.

Service was very good except my  waitress was the only one who found the need to stretch her shirt neck to show her cleavage where no other staff members shirt was stretched so much, lol.  But she was attentive.

Food was good and on par with Notable but nothing a level higher or more complex to justify 1/2 portions.  I mean risotto with 3 tiny shrimp?  whats the food cost there? $2 and you charge $16.  

Won't be making the trip across town for this.  If you have a recipe for success why mess with it?  This is a recipe with 1/2 portion appetizers with full portion prices.  Regular Notable customers ... no need to rush out and try this establishment accross town.Good service, good atmosphere. The food had nice plating but our steak tartare was over salted and when we notified the server she said there had been more than one complaint that night and the cook realized she did over salt.. The server apologized but the appetizer was never taken off the bill. For an expensive place I would've expected more.Went back again, this time for lunch with a friend who had not been before.  Sat on the bar side this time,which was darker and a little more quiet.  Prefer the dining side myself for ambience.  Decided to check out the 'house made bread'.  Was ok, but to be totally honest, was certainly not worth the $8!  Was not too hungry, so ordered the daily soup - meal size.  Flavour was excellent but expected more in terms of quantity.  My friend ordered the pasta with added chicken.  She really enjoyed the flavours but thought it was priced high and quantity low.  For dessert, we decided to try the tasting for two.  The lime truffle was too tart and jelly too sweet.  So lacking some balance.  Again way too pricy but worth a try.  Kind of surprised that Nash has opened with such high pricing, which will likely only get higher!  All in all, will go back again to check out dinner, but know to focus more on the full size meals next time!Second trip to Nash and they just can't get things going. This time brunch with friends where I had the burger.  Despite being a blend of a pork and beef patty, I haven't had this dry of a burger in a long time. Gross.  The fries were not well prepared either.  They look like they were the leftover bits at the bottom of the fryer where the majority of pieces are no longer than the width of a loonie.  

Our server was great but pretty disappointed that she took an order from a 3 year old without checking with the parents first.  Had an order of waffles and eggs for a child.  Best $24 direct to doggie bag purchase ever.

The cocktails are good but super pricey.I have been wanting to try The Nash for a very long time and got my chance today for Sunday brunch. The decor was great and ambience was nice. Wasn't too loud that we had to shout to talk to each other. 

We were a party of 4 and had reservations for 1pm. We arrived about 15mins early. Table was ready yet, no sweat, we chatted and patiently waited. Twenty minutes after 1pm we finally get seated. Close to 30mins after being seated, our server comes for a drink order. Not a good first impression. The restaurant was busy but there was more than enough staff working. Anyways by this time we order our food along with drinks as we are getting hangry. We ordered smoked salmon eggs benedict, hangover breakfast pizza, the Nash breakfast(traditional bacon and eggs), and mussels and frites. We wanted the Nash cinnamon bun but they were sold out by the time we got seated. 

It was close to an hour and a half before our food came. Some tables that were seated after us received their food before us. The food itself was just mediocre, and we were HUNGRY. When you're as hungry as we were, a saltine taste amazing. Definitely not worth the long wait. To make matters worse, they charge for still water. WHO charges for tap water??

I want to try their regular menu; however after this experience I'm not sure if I want to anymore.Tastefully creatively crafted offerings here.  Service was excellent , price point right on Parr for what you getting here. Great  spot.The Nash, opened by the owner of the established restaurant NOtaBLE, was recommended to us by a number of people since its opening. Having enjoyed NOtaBLE on numerous occasions, we decided to give The Nash a try.

Environment - Situated in the National Hotel in Inglewood, the restaurant's atmosphere and ambience truly reflects the neighborhood's hipster and trendy vibes. The décor felt like a mix of new and old without being too tacky and the open kitchen was welcoming. The restaurant was big but the acoustics kept the noise in check. The only downside to the restaurant was the chairs: you could feel a hard wood bar just behind your legs but your butt sinks in so that you feel like a kid at the table and have to raise your elbows to get your arms to eating position.

Food - The dinner menu has a good selection of choices and we were unsure what to order. Our server came to our rescue with decisive recommendations (a rarity - often we get the generic "well it depends on your tastes" line) and we ended up ordering the Ravioli of Duck Confit and Crispy Potato Rolls to start. Both dishes were fantastic in taste and presentation. The Ravioli was very well-balanced and didn't feel too rich. The Crispy Potato Rolls were crunchy and decadent. For the main entrée, we tried the Pan Roasted Duck Breast and the Pork Sirloin from the Rotisserie - what The Nash was known for. The duck breast and pork sirloin were cooked to perfection and full of flavor. The sides functioned to enhance the flavor of the main star of the dish and never let the main flavor become monotonous, like John Watson to Sherlock Holmes. However, I found myself cutting big portions of fat from the meat and that put a slight dent in an otherwise perfect meal. In their defense, I could not imagine getting the explosion of flavor in the meat without the fat. The Dark Chocolate Hazelnut Tart was a good finisher but wasn't as memorable as the rest of the dishes. We also tried the hot chocolate (special from the Hot Chocolate Festival) - this was perhaps the weakest. There was supposed to be salted caramel in it, but we tasted neither salt nor caramel.

Value - Amazing food and amazing service. Appetizers range from $10-20 and entrees from $30-50. I feel like the price is on the tad bit expensive side when you look at restaurants of comparable quality (e.g. Rouge), but every dish was better than solid.

Overall - The Nash is a great place for a fancy night out without the pomposity. The restaurant is quite welcoming and food is excellent.Heard lots of great things about The Nash and glad that we finally had a chance to try it out.  We came by on a weekday night around 8PM and were promptly.  Despite it being somewhat late, the restaurant was still quite full and very lively.  

Service was top notch and wouldn't expect anything less.  At first, I was concerned that it would be a bit pretentious but it's nothing like that at all.  We ordered the mussels and frites to start.  Pretty much devoured it as well as the soup that mussels were cooked in. 

I ordered their signature burger.  Apparently it was burger week so the burger was extra special. Two giant onion rings (or was it three), nice and thick patty cooked just right and pulled pork. What. Gave me some inspiration for my next burger creation.

My partner ordered the pork belly and scallops.  Presentation was beautiful and really interesting flavours.  I'm not much of a scallops fan so she really enjoyed it.  

Great food, great service.  4 stars.Great atmosphere and great food. Lamb was delicious and root beer float desert was one of my favourite in the city. 

Definitely a must try.I love this place.  The decor is so classy without feeling precious, it's really beautiful inside.  The lounge at the front of the restaurant, Off Cut, reminds me of being in Edinburg, Scotland.   It's warm and cozy in a gentlemanly way.  The food and drink here is wonderful.  Just the other day we shared the mushroom ragout and a sandwich plate of a grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup.  The ragout was full of wild mushrooms, so rich and satisfying.  And the grilled cheese and soup was total comfort food.  The soup had a lovely enhancement of basil which, to me, is the perfect accompaniment to tomatoes.  It was a great experience.  Highly recommend this place.  It is a bit on the pricey side, but totally worth it to treat yourself here.Nice atmosphere and great server, but... Quite disappointed with my meal.  I had huge expectations after having dined at Notables on a number of occasions, but Nash missed the mark in my books.  Beef tartare was overly salty, my scallop and pork belly main had all of one scallop, and the desert menu was so underwhelming, we actually went to Dairy Queen and ordered blizzards.  My two dinner companions each ordered the burger, and both said it was nowhere close to being one of the better burgers they've had in the past.  With respect to desert, Our server did tell us a new desert menu was coming the next day, so hopefully they have replaced the numerous dark chocolate options with some more variety.I'm disappointed.  We live a short walk away, and have been waiting anxiously for The Nash to open, so of course we went on their first night of service (Thursday, November 20th I believe?) but we were not impressed.  

We made a reservation for 6:30 and arrived a bit early, but was seated immediately which was nice.  We could definitely see that the server was frazzled, but she was still very pleasant when she finally got around to us about 15 minutes after we sat down.  By then of course we were ready to order and put that through right away.  The appies and meals came in a reasonable amount of time, which was a bonus given how slow the rest of the night was.  My fish dish was EXTREMELY salty.  Like almost inedible.  My husband's beef was just okay.  It took our server way too long to get back around to us, to refill our water, to ask how our meal was, to bring the dessert menu, to bring our bill.  

We don't mind paying the prices listed for good food, but unfortunately we did not find the value here. 

We plan to give them a couple more months to get over their growing pains, and try it again.  I hope we can give them a better rating next time!I was so excited to check out The Nash. I work in Inglewood, and my work team likes to have lunch out together every month or so. The Nash has been on our wish list for a while.

First impressions: the restaurant is gorgeous. Beautiful decor, a great mixture of the industrial exposed piping and nice rustic wooden tables. The tables are all set elegantly - I love the tea-towel napkins.

The menu looks interesting - certainly very meat-focused, but luckily I'm not vegetarian. The average lunch item was about $18 for a burger or sandwich.

Of the ten of us at the table, we each felt an overwhelming sense of 'meh' about our items. Several had the burgers, all noted that the salad has a great dressing, but they felt the burger was over seasoned: heavy on the oregano-type herbs. 

I ordered the reuben. The sandwich itself was nice, piled high with meat and lots of cheese. The mustard was very light, I personally prefer a more zingy mustard, but it was still a decent reuben. There was a side of pickles, and a side of chips. When I say side, keep in mind I mean six potato chips (I counted.) That would have been ok if the chips were freshly made but they were cold, so even if they were made in-house it wasn't to order. The chips were too heavily salted to finish. It seems like they just subbed in Old Dutch kettle chips and thrown on some coarse salt.

My table-mate ordered the reuben as well, and asked if he could switch the sides out for coleslaw. The server said that wasn't possible as the coleslaw was only served with the brisket. He asked her to check if it was possible. She came back with the reuben with the standard sides, as well as a side dish of coleslaw and charged him for it, which seemed a bit cheap. He would have prefered the server say "no, I'm sorry we can't make substitutions, would you like a side order?" The coleslaw was bot edible as it was sour instead of tangy like a good slaw should be.

Staff was efficient and friendly - no complaints there. Essentially this is a great looking place, with a staff who obviously are good at what they do, but it all falls apart on the food. The food is your basic diner-level food, but certainly not at diner-level prices. 

There are so many great places in Inglewood, I'm disappointed that The Nash isn't one of them.Impeccable meal start to finish. While waiting in the lounge the music was way too loud (seriously turn it down) making it brutal trying to hear anyone else. However, everything from the side orders to the main was amazing. I had the duck and it was something I would order every day given the chance. The chef came out to meet us and the atmosphere was totally wonderful. I definitely recommend The Nash for a meal out.Stopped in on a business trip.   Awesome flat iron steak.  Delicious garlic bread appetizer.  Not a fan of the homemade iced tea, however.  Attentive wait staff and friendly atmosphere.Went for brunch. Great rotisserie chicken salad. Chicken and waffles were a 7/10. Nice space and Solid service. I would go back For dinner in future.Best fine but relaxed dining experience in the city. The food, cocktails, and atmosphere are an absolute delight. The mushroom and celeriac dish is so full of flavour I could eat it together. Good portions of food for appetizers and mains, with great quality. I would come here again and again!Amazing, just amazing! 
Service was top notch, food was excellent and I cannot wait to go back! Went for brunch two Sundays ago( first visit to the nash) we initially went in with low expectations but we were blown away. 

We ordered the hangover breakfast pizza, the banana bread french toast, duck confit  perogies and the must have cinnamon bun. I had to stop myself from doing my happy food dance while eating. Everything was well seasoned the breakfast pizza was better than what we had imagined. Delicious, I didn't need to bring out my hotsauce at all. I've never had merguez sausage and my god it was heavenly. 

The desert was awesome too, I definitely  recommend the banana bread french toast. The server was really sweet, a bit shocked that two people could eat so much lol. Can't wait to try the dinner menu or even the Sunday family style dinners they have.Wow ! What a nice place. Very cute setup. Randie our waiter was amazing. 
We went for the beet salad which was great with local food (cheese from BC but it's Canadian so I'll consider it local, our stuff is awesome)
Then the duck breast with the gnocchi. It probably was the third best duck I've had (first being in Bordeau France so that says a lot) and the best gnocchi ever ! It was like eating a fluffy cloud. Light and soft. 
And the chocolate bar for dessert. All that with a nice bottle of Okanagan Sancerre.  Amazing menu. Not to be missed if you visit CalgaryThe best Niçoise Salad  I've ever had and pretty much everything else I have had from the menu. The drinks are not bad either :)Go to The Nash if you'd like a restaurant with unique decor, a relaxing atmosphere and food that is to die for.

We celebrated our 8 year anniversary here! I had the rotisserie pork served with rose sauce, couscous, broccolini. He had the 4K farms tamworth pork tenderloin served with a souffle. We both ended the night with the Last Best Brewing Porter Cake!If you love Notable you will love The Nash. Hidden n just off 9th Ave in Inglewood this place has modern western written all over it. We enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar and a fantastic charcuterie plate following our exploration of Inglewood. 

The charcuterie was exceptional. Lots of cheeses and meats all made onsite. We can't eat grain so they brought a stack of long English cucumbers instead of bread slices. Add this to the exceptional Pinot Noir and this is one of the best meals we have had in a long time. 

The staff are excellent and non-intrusive. Service was outstanding. I am a big fan of Notable but would make the extra drive to hit The Nash for a slight change with the same quality of food and service.Review based on lunch.
Lunch menu limited however a good variety for all tastes.
I had the beef brisket and was very tatsy. 5 yelp
Soup of the day was corn chorizo 4 yelp.
Service  4 yelp
Decor 4 yelp i got very hot as my back was to the window and a very sunny day.
Upscale and a upscale price.The food was good but the waiter was extremely rude the whole time and the tip was already pre added to the bill....Interesting joint in the middle of an industrial area from what I saw. 

Meeting clients for lunch. My order was simple. Greek salad & grilled cheese with Tomato soup...simple. 

The Greek salad had shredded chicken in it!! Never had a Greek salad with that in it before. It wasn't bad but it was outta sorts for a Greek. The grilled cheese/tomato soup combo was just good but not great and it should've been great for $16.00! They could have done SO much more to make it a better flavour profile. It was just bland. 

Our server Shannon should have checked my table mates food temp cause her main (steamed mussels/fries) were lots less the hot & it was $19.00. Big miss here. Doubt I'd go again.My fiancé and I ate here with her sister and husband while we were in town doing some wedding planning. 

We got there a bit earlier than our reservation, and we're seated promptly, which was nice. Our server was very attentive and I had a prosecco in my hand in no time! The cocktails, however, were a different story. The bar was clearly backlogged, which caused a fairly long delay for the resort of the table. In fact, by the time they got their drinks, I was on my second. Need to staff up to make sure you can keep up with the activity. 

Food was insane. The pork tenderloin was amazing. The gnocchi was buttery goodness and the greens were insane.

Well done Calgary! We will be back!!Went bask again today.  The brisket was great and scallop dad fantastic.  Very good meal!This was probably one of the best restaurants I've been to in a long time- now one of my favourites! From the modern & chique decor the moment you enter the restaurant, to the delicate use of flavours and elegant plating with the food- the restaurant doesn't disappoint. Service was top notch and they were quick to accommodate for food sensitivities. Exceptional restaurant- can't wait to go back again.Had a fabulous lunch on the patio at The Nash.  Our waiter recommended a refreshing cocktail to start off and was very helpful on lunch options.  Great service, great food and a fabulous place to stop while out and about on the a weekend!   Highly recommend and looking forward to the next time.We decided to check out The Nash for Saturday brunch. Oh my.. this space is really nice. So sunny and bright with ultra cool natural furnishing. Very beautiful.

We started with carrot ginger soup. Amazing! I loved that they were served in small individual soup terrines. Really cute and very delicious. The bread of the day was toothsome and steaming hot fresh. Because we were sharing with the table, I wasn't that keen on tearing off a chunk as no bread knife was presented, nor was it sliced. Awkward!!

For a main, I chose the double smoked bacon and free range eggs, served with a lovely little rosti potato patty. The rosti was so crispy on the outside, with a soft and creamy inside. The bacon was absolutely wonderful, it was thick and tasted of a lightly smoked pork roast. Very delicious. My eggs, however, had to be sent back. Perhaps I don't understand what 'medium' basted means but I don't believe the yolks should be completely hard. Sadly, I was nearly finished eating the rest of my food by the time they returned, about 15 minutes later, with my new eggs. 

The guys had Nash Burgers. They were large and juicy served on a fresh baked brioche bun, lightly toasted. Just perfect. I would expect nothing less in a burger from the Noble crew. 

Overall, we enjoyed the food and the service with only the few hiccups mentioned. Will definitely be back for another round!!Great food and great service without being over the top in your face.  Cocktails here are unreal, try the quarter horse if you like old fashioned and scotch.  One complaint, don't charge me for water it's just plain tacky.  And also don't tell me that the charge for water is going to charity, that's even more tacky.  Take your own profits and donate those to an awesome charity, don't get me to do it for you.Had dinner here and it was perfect. We decided to eat here last minute and am so glad we did. Love the vibe of this place and how friendly everyone was. 

Started off with wine and the white bean hummus with grilled bread. The bread was so soft and absolutely delicious. The white bean hummus was also lovely. It came with garlic confit which was actually unnecessary. Felt a little out of place since it was just sitting there on the other end of the serving plate. We also ordered the chicken ravioli and diver scallops. Chicken ravioli was good but not memorable. The diver scallops came with pork belly and had pieces of apple which threw me off a little. Interesting flavors. We ended up also ordering the gnuddi and the flat iron steak. Loved the gnuddi. It came with grilled butternut squash and the gnuddi was pillow-y and so good. Sauce had a kick to it as well. The steak was cooked perfectly and came with grilled carrots, beets, and potatoes. Delicious. 
We ended dinner with the chocolate tart with candied pecans and raspberry sorbet. Wasn't a huge fan of the dessert especially since the raspberry sorbet didn't go with it at all. Would have enjoyed a simple vanilla instead.

Had a great night here and would definitely come back next time I'm in Calgary."Hmmm, Off Cut Bar doesn't seem to have it's own listing on Yelp" Wendy (former CM)

OH IT DOES NOW (pumps fist)

Drinks. That's the main M.O. of the off cut bar. It's a dark, cold, and mysterious room located to the side of the brighter, ( and more easier to photograph your dishes) of the Nash. I could thoroughly digest the reasons why this place is a five star joint and a much needed boost to Calgary's cocktail scene but I'll only make two points:

1. CHOOSE YOUR OWN ADVENTURE OLD FASHIONED. and whooo are the Old Fashioned potent. I chose aromatic bitters, pimento syrup, and Knobb Creek. Two more of those and I would've had the processing power of a DOOR KNOB!

2. They have a small tapas/snack menu, but it's original. The Lamb sweetbreads on a some fancy sauce we had to wikipedia was the NEWS. Sweetbreads and cocktails pair like two avid but existentially weary Tinder-ers.

Anyways this is the part where I try to close of the review to make sense out of the whole thing. But I won't. The end.An average Calgary experience but not particularly notable.
Appetizers were good, showed up quickly... ... Then the waitress did not return for a good 30 minutes (and still hadn't taken our entree orders).
Others at the table like their entrees.  However, mine was not a success.  I ordered the Elk Osso Bucco but was told (at 6 PM on a Saturday) that they were out of Elk.  However, they suggested bison as an appropriate substitution.  It was a disappointment - dry, tasteless, overdone.  The risotto that accompanied it was crunchy.  I will go back for a second try but only because I live 5 minutes away...Stellar service and excellent food. The Nash is one of my new favourite restaurants in Town! We have food allergies which the server did not hesitate to accommodate.If you love Notable you will love The Nash. Hidden n just off 9th Ave in Inglewood this place has modern western written all over it. We enjoyed a glass of wine at the bar and a fantastic charcuterie plate following our exploration of Inglewood. 

The charcuterie was exceptional. Lots of cheeses and meats all made onsite. We can't eat grain so they brought a stack of long English cucumbers instead of bread slices. Add this to the exceptional Pinot Noir and this is one of the best meals we have had in a long time. 

The staff are excellent and non-intrusive. Service was outstanding. I am a big fan of Notable but would make the extra drive to hit The Nash for a slight change with the same quality of food and service. ThanksIt was not the best experience at the Nash but also not the worst. We were freezing our butts off seated by the window, we mentioned this to our waiter who said he would turn up the heat but this did not change anything. The appetizers and drinks were actually the better part of the meal, we ordered the crispy potato rolls and beef tartare, both delicious. We ordered ceasers for our cocktails, also delightful! 

The waiter informed us of their features at the start of our visit. The main feature was an Arctic char with a side of asparagus filleted at the table. 

My partner ordered this feature meal but was extremely disappointed. The char was soggy, tasteless and already filleted when it arrived at our table. The skin was missing from the top, which the waiter attributed to sticking on the grill. Instead of asparagus we received green beans. In addition, the waiter punched in the wrong feature so we had to wait an additional amount of time before receiving our meals, during this time my order was sitting out getting cold. I ordered the duck breast which would have been delicious if it wasn't cold. The gnocchi and berry sauce were amazing though! We also ordered a side of scallops which were great. 

The waiter did remove the char from the bill, but the experience was affected regardless. Don't know if I would go back.We had a great early (13th) valentines dinner out at the Nash this evening.  For a busy night the service was good (we had some slow service at the beginning but it was noticed immediately and another server came over and helped out).  Appetizers and drinks came out in a reasonable amount of time and were good.  The Ham hock & foie gras tureen was stellar, the house bread was fine but definitely not worth 8 dollar price tag (especially since most restaurants of this level that would be automatically included).  Our entree's were on the table moments after our appie dishes were cleared away and were very good.  Both the Bison Short Rib and Scallop and pork belly were good portion sizes, hot and very well prepared.  We're looking forward to our next trip down to Inglewood to enjoy The Nash.Our favourite restaurant in Calgary! Since finding this gem almost a year ago my husband and I visit The Nash once a month or so when we are in Calgary for the weekend. We have brought family and friends here and everyone always enjoy themselves. This past Saturday we had yet another great experience. The servers, hostesses and staff are very accommodating and kind. We usually order the same things each time we come (you can see from the photos I have uploaded!). The meat off the rotisserie is always my husband's go to meal. I love their large kale salad. Being a vegetarian there are great options too! Dishes we have tried and loved include: the beetroot salad, char grilled pacific octopus, handcraft daily bread with Nash butter, their beautiful charcuterie board (must try!), kale salad, seared rare albacore tuna carpaccio, ravioli of duck confit, mussels & frites. For mains the meat off the rotisserie is great, also the black apron beef and innisfail lamb sirloin are other great options my husband likes. Definitely try the side of cafe au lait sauté mushrooms, so tasty! 
Great spot in YYC! Can't wait to return :)Came here for brunch with my husband on Sunday, super happy we did! We kept hearing good stuff about The Nash and wanted to try it out. We had a wonderful & relaxing brunch here! The atmosphere is really comfortable and I love the decor. My husband had the Duck Confit Perogies & Poached Eggs (see photo & video) and my husband loved it! We had pressed coffee, tea and toast with their preserve jam which was delicious!
On our way out we made a reservation for dinner for the next Saturday. We are looking forward to trying dinner here and reviewing it for dinner! Our server was SUPER sweet and accommodating. I read a few reviews saying some servers weren't so nice but this was not the case for us.
Looking forward to trying dinner here next Saturday!Pretty good burger, I was just on the bar side.  Prices are somewhat outrageous but at least you are getting good food.  I did have dinner there a while ago and again it was good but you could easily rack up a $500 bill for two with wine.   2 people are not walking  out of there under $250 with a glass of wine, appy and entree.   Very trendy and very seen to be seen.Enjoyed dinner immensely. Four different meals were ordered by our group and all were great. Loved the atmosphere and the service was great!In the heart of Inglewood... a unique atmosphere with a great job on the interior design of the place. Plenty to look at as your having a drink or dinner. 

Never heard of the place until we had a group of friends from Toronto wanting to try this out. I must say... we had a blast and enjoyed the entire dining experience. From the food, ambience, service and prompt seating with our reservation.

I hear it's hard to get in this place so we booked ahead of time... and it was sure worth it. Yes, they have a burger if you want... which looks delicious.... but you can have a burger anywhere... so everyone in the group ordered something different that we weren't sure or tried before. The result... 10/10 on each of the meals, 10/10 on each of the drinks we tried. So overall... we didn't have anything to complain about. The drinks were very unique and decorated very cool... pried sliced pineapple... that was pretty neat. 

I had the pasta... which was amazing! Others tried the the special and chicken which were all good. 
Prices are definitely on the high end but it's a high end fancy restaurant with a great atmosphere.

If you're looking for a romantic or good quality food I would recommend this place.Just barely upgradable from 3.5 to a 4! I become so disappointed that the so-called best burgers in Cowtown are just NOT that great!

Let me do the splits...

History (4 stars)
*  over 100 years old, the National 'Nash' Hotel was a transient hotel in Inglewood until it became a rubbydub dive for a few decades, and finally stood empty until a recent developer refurbished it completely into a middle-class resto-bar venue that's now quite attractive.

The 'Nash' burger and fries (barely 3.5)
*  on my first gentle attack, the barely wide enough bun fell apart and squished this tall burger out all over the plate, and, despite my reluctance, forced me to clean up the mess with knife and fork.
*  the patty was thick and solid, medium-rare real, and yet not all that noteworthy in flavour. I am still puzzled that almost no restos mix spices, herbs and diced delicacies into the meat before it's cooked! Do they not know that that is the secret to a truly great burger? Guess not...
*  the 'foraged mushrooms' claimed the principal flavour in this thing! Although nicely cooked and tender, since when are mushrooms to do more than just complement other flavours and textures?!
*  the shropshire cheddar hid in the mess, as did the butter lettuce, but the yellowed pickles added muted flavour.
*  the small amount of onion jam looked interesting but added little.
*  the fries were average decent, but a little parsley gave them colour.
*  the bun ... oh yes, the bun, again. If you want to have a better burger - although also not great - try Burger 320 in Bridgeland. The Nash could take a lesson from them on how to make or buy buns that won't collapse with the slightest hand pressure. 

The decor and atmosphere (4.25)
*  excellent seating arrangements, with the bar separate from the dining area. Come in twos to party size and no problem accommodating you.
*  table service was attentive and efficient.
*  music ranges from duster to light jazz and soft rock, and under the vaulted ceiling at a volume that can both be heard and talked over.
*  fairly busy on a sunny warm Saturday afternoon, but likely mid-week quiet and pleasant. 
*  parking is decent, esp for many non-payment sidewalk stalls?

Once again, disappointed.
For $20 not counting tax and tip, this burger is only okay. Certainly photos make it look better than it is, cos it ain't about price, but what the price should represent! 
Surely someone can do better than plunk a big meat patty between a fall-apart bun among barely okay condiments, and call it a signature creation.
'Tis a shame! 

Conclusion?
If you want big, go to Naina's on 17th Ave. near Stampede grounds.
If want flavour, go to The Rock at the other end of 17th SW near 14th St.
If want somewhat better, even go to 320 in Bridgeland and be intro'd to a bun that easily clamps the buger together.
None of these others are that far a drive from Inglewood, and certainly offer much better value.
Contrary to what Arnold said, I won't be back!A different flavour cinnamon bun each weekend!Great cocktails at off it bar. Ask the bartender for a recommendation.Average food at best but way above average prices. Don't waste your money or time.Off cut Bar serves the full dining room menuBrunch spot. Easy to park. Food is beautiful even to sit in the bar.Bacon on the burger seems pricey, but so worth itEnjoyed the double cut bacon with a maple syrup and pepper glaze. Mmm bacon.Loved the 'bartender's choice' for a drinkClosed between 2 and 5.
Limited menu at the connected Off Cut Bar. Super cute space, easy parking.Don't eat dessertGood food, and love the first Thursday of the month (live music) 