Everyone loves shake shack. I just wish the burgers were bigger! But for anyone who hasn't been here, come check it out. Awesome fries, amazing burgers. They have really good milkshakes too! They also do hot dogs but I haven't tried those because I always have to get a burger. Came to this location with my husband because we had the pups with us and we needed somewhere with a patio. This is where we went and the staff was so incredibly awesome. I wish I caught this guy's name, but he happened to be cleaning up outside when we got there. He brought treats out for our dogs and even took our buzzer so when the food was ready he just brought it out to us! So friendly and accomodating, I was impressed. Great customer service goes a long way so I'll definitely be back at this location!We had heard the hype.  My hairdresser related how he stood in line for hours to get in to the store in NYC and it was the best he had ever had.  Other folks I talked to were all worked up because it was a hip place.  We watched it being built as they updated and remodeled Uptown Plaza.  It was fun to see the place change from Boston Market to a Shake Shack.  When they first opened there would be lines around the building and the lunch crowd was huge.  We waited a while before we went and maybe that is why I have to say - MEH.  They definitely have NYC prices on the food - yikes!  I got a single Shack Burger which was mediocre.  The hubby had the Bacon Burger and felt the same.  We split a $2.99 order of fries expecting it to be large but it was barely enough for us!  Generic crinkle cut fries too.  I got an iced tea because I could not wrap my head around the $6 shakes.  The hubby got the shake of the day - chocolate cardamom - and it was small and again - MEH.  It is no where near the quality of burgers we've bad from local places like Wineburger or Hamburger Works.  Glad we tried it but doubt we will return.They're new so let's hope things improve for them. Uptown needs a lift and Shack Shack could be a good pick. I like being able to have a beer with my burger. But, they need to figure out how to speed things up.First time I've been to Shake Shack. It had a lot of hype. 

I got a shack burger with onions. The meat tasted good. It was cooked medium to medium-well. The bun was like a potato bun. The condiments were unremarkable.

The fries tasted like your standard frozen Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries.

I got a coffee shake. Excellent coffee flavor. The shakes only come in one size. It was a little small considering the price. But the flavor was premium. So the burger was expensive but tasted pretty good. The meat they used was clearly real hamburger with a good beef flavor. The fries were just average and not worth $3. The shake was delicious but small.

Overall, it tasted good but was nothing special for the price. ~$14 for a single patty cheeseburger, fries, and modest size shake. I guess it tasted a little better than In-N-Out. But a double double, fries, and shake from In-N-Out costs about half the price of my meal at Shake Shack.Took a drive from the west side on a Friday afternoon to see what the hype was about. I orders the special Wisconsin cheddar bacon burger. Absolutely delicious. My complaint was I wanted it to be a bit bigger. I don't love crinkly fries but these ones were fresh and crunchy. I had the blueberry pie concrete. There was actual pie in the custard. YumTastes just like the original shake shack in NYC. The best part was that the staff was so friendly. Good atmosphere and not busy on a Tuesday night. This was a good addition to the Uptown Plaza.Don't believe the hype! What do people love about this place? the burger was small, the patty tiny and my bun was soaked in grease. Yuck!

There are so many good spots to get a burger in Phoenix and especially around this area, next time I will keep driving.I have heard rave reviews about this place and to be honest it was just okay. I ordered the Chick N Shack which is a fried chicken sandwich, they do not have a grilled option. While the chicken was moist, the sandwich was underwhelming. There was a lot of mayonnaise and I would have liked better lettuce, another tomato and more pickles. My husband ordered the shake burger, which for the price it's not worth it. I will choose The Habit over Shake Shack anytime we are in the mood for a quick burger. I will say, the chocolate shake is very good and their organic iced tea is super refreshing.The TL;DR version: tasty, overpriced food that's not worth the hype.

I came here with my sister when there was just a couple people in line. We had planned on sharing the fries, mushroom burger and a shake, but seeing how small the burger was, we each got our own. The fries didn't seem particularly appealing so we skipped them.

The mushroom burger was like a fun grilled cheese sandwich. The cheese oozed out with the first bite. It was good, but it needed more to it. For $7 and its reputation, I expected a little more "wow." We also got a chocolate malt that was very average. Not bad but not exciting.Tried it for the third  time. Parking  lot was full but the restaurant  was not that busy. We tried the mushroom burger. And cheese hot dog and cheese fries. Single  burgers are a little  small.  Their  buns are buttery.  . Service was a little  slow  but the staff is friendly. Did not like their shakes which is small and too sweetCool space, shakes are great, crinkle cut fries were cold, chicken sandwich was good, burger average. $32 burger lunch for two. Not impressed very average.With all of the hype about Shake Shack, I had to give it a try for myself. 

Very nice location at Central and Camelback, the work they did to change this retail space is quite impressive. It's beautiful in fact. More importantly lots of seating inside and some outside. 

Okay, let's get to the real reason I was there. The burgers!  At first I was discouraged by the prices. 
I had the Shack burger with cheese $5.29 and cheese fries $3.99. I had heard great things about the shakes, so I just had to splurge and order one, peanut butter, $5.29. So as you can see, with tax I was over $15.00. A lot for a fast food joint!

I took a seat and my number was called shortly. Presentation was great. Though the burger looked  small, it was well put together. The shake too was in a small cup. 

Ready? It is probably one of the best fast food burgers I have ever had. Flavor was amazing! Their special sauce is quite good. Best of all, they use a potato bun which makes a huge different. 
The crinkle cut fries were also great especially covered in hot cheese sauce. 

My peanut butter shake was soooo good. It turned out to be just the right size as it was very rich. 

In the end Shake Shack is worth it. My only complaint would be the burger size, I could have eaten two, but it's hard to justify getting another at $5.29. 

Enjoy!Delicious. Not as greasy as Five Guys and about as delicious as Chuckbox. Pricing is moderate. 

They give you a vibrating pager to let you know when your order is ready. I had the SmokeStack with cheese fries. Cheese fries were a little salty with the cheese. SmokeStack was on point. It had house-made bacon with bits of cherry peppers with sauce on top of beef patty. I should've gotten a double patty. 

Interior was clean, staff was friendly, parking was plentiful at mid afternoon. Outside area was decently shaded. They don't allow dogs but do have bowls of water outside where your dog can wait for a second while you order. They sell wine and beer. People drive like shit inside the plaza though. Lots of hipsters and cali-types as well. Would recommend to anybody.A few years back, during a 2 week trip back East, me and my buddy hit up 2 different Shake Shacks.  We hit up one in Washington DC and another one in Philadelphia, PA.  At the time, I had never been to one before.  Once I sampled it, I thought it was one of the best fast food burgers I had ever tried and couldn't wait to try another one.  Everything was pretty much perfect!  The only thing I didn't really like was the price.  They do use great, high quality ingredients, but you definitely pay for it.  Better bring a $20.00 bill and expect maybe a few bucks back.  Anyways.......on to present day.

I had heard rumors that Shake Shack was going to open 2 locations in the Phoenix area (About damn time!) in early 2016.  They opened their first restaurant a few weeks back, and were just about ready to open this one here at Uptown Plaza.  I had sent Shake Shack an email asking about when they were opening and if they had any "sneak peek" type days where a person could come in and try their food.  They emailed me back and told me about the "Friends and Family Day" and invited me down to try out some of their food a day before they opened to the public.  I drove down, checked in, was handed a menu and then placed my order for my meal.  They gave you the choice of 2 "hot items" and one drink/dessert.  I went with a single cheeseburger, an order of cheese fries, and a "CamelShack" concrete.  I gave the lady my menu, was handed my buzzer and went to grab a seat (cool building btw...open space, modern, couple of flat screens playing basketball, plus a nice outdoor patio seating area).  My food took about 10 minutes or so and here is how it was...................

Single Shack Cheeseburger-  I was a little confused when I ordered my burger.  At my previous visits, I ordered a Double Shack Cheeseburger and a Double Smoke Shack Burger and they came with everything on them (lettuce, tomato, sauce etc).  I asked her if I could get light on the shack sauce, and she replied, "I could make my burger any way I wanted."  I took that to mean I could remove the ingredients that automatically came on it.  So I told her just plain, no sauce.  What I got was a plain cheeseburger.  Bun, meat and cheese.  I was not mad though...I love plain cheeseburgers and sometimes less is better.  (Shake Shack does use good produce though!).  I bit into my burger and noticed that it was just kind of warm.  Not piping hot, not cold, just warm.  It was cooked more towards well done, but it was still juicy and moist.  The cheese was melted nicely, and then bun is flat out awesome.  Shake Shack buns are the best!  Super soft, pillowy, with a great texture...I love them.  Best fast food buns out there!  The burger was ok but I would have liked it hotter, and if I was buying it myself, I would have went with a double (A double was not an option on the friends and family menu).  3 stars for the burger.

Cheese Fries- On past visits, I raved on how much I loved the cheese fries.  They use a great cheese sauce and cover a pile of crinkle cut fries with this delicious sauce.  Today, the cheese sauce was just as good as I had remembered!  The fries though...meh.  They weren't that great.  They seemed a little bit stale and weren't that crisp (even ones without cheese sauce, so I know it wasn't due to the cheese sauce).  I ate them all because of the cheese sauce.  If they were just a plain order of fries, I would have been disappointed.  3 stars for the fries.

CamelShack Concrete-  Wow!  The best!  Super impressed with this one!  I am a sucker for ice cream and sweets, so this was right up my alley.  Its vanilla custard, salted caramel sauce, and a slice of The Bakery Phx banana cream pie smashed in there.  It was awesome!  The custard was rich and creamy, the salted caramel sauce provided a nice sweetness, and the chunks of bananas and pie crust pieces really tied it together.  This particular dessert is also beneficial to others in the city of Phoenix, too.  Shake Shack donates 5% of their proceeds from this dessert to charity in the Phoenix area.  Good job, Shake Shack!  5 stars for the CamelShack!

I finished my meal and was outta there!  Overall, it was not nearly as good as my first 2 encounters at a Shake Shack.  It was their first day though, so they may need to work through some kinks.  I do appreciate the hell out of the invite down here,  and the free lunch!  Saying that, if I had to pay $15.00 for this lunch, and if this was my first time ever at a Shake Shack, I would have left a little disappointed and probably wouldn't be fixing to come back anytime soon.  Because I know how good their food can be though, I will be back in due time to see if this Shack can become as good as the others before it!  I'm sure it can get up 4 to 5 star territory!  Welcome to Phoenix, Shake Shack!Double Shack burger pretty good.
Chicken Shack burger really crispy and pretty good.
Shake pretty good.
Fries pretty good.
End of the story is two burgers, one order of fries, one small shake and one small soda was $28!I saw a video on Shake Shack vs In-N-Out, and was super stoked that Shake Shack was coming to AZ. I rarely venture to the east coast, so this was the perfect opportunity for a taste of their burgers. Being from CA, I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out, and simply can't help comparing these two places. First off, the burgers at Shake Shack are double the prices at In-N-Out. A double-double at In-N-Out is $3.50. A double hamburger at Shake Shack is $6.59. 

I had the single Smoke Shack burger, which is a cheeseburger with bacon and chopped cherry peppers. Overall, this burger was overly greasy. The meat was tender and flavorful. I really enjoyed the cherry peppers which added a unique touch and complemented the burger well. However, the ShackSauce did not blow me away. The sauce ran on the ordinary side compared to In-N-Out's addicting spread. My boyfriend paid $9.64 for his Smoke Shack double, which was really worth $6-7 max. I was pumped up to try their crinkled cut fries. To my disappointment, the fries were equivalent to frozen fries anyone can purchase at the grocery store. Fries were poorly seasoned and lacked that fresh taste. I have to say that the best part of this meal was the shake. I had a delicious salted caramel shake, malted with whipped cream. The shake was creamy with a good consistency, not too sweet. The other flavors available were chocolate, black & white, strawberry, peanut butter, and coffee Fair Shake. 

The location is fairly new, so there was a line that was no more than a 10 minute wait. We ordered our food, and was given a buzzer. It was awesome that they have free wifi. There are four TV's distributed around the spacious dining area. Since we went on a weekend, it was quite busy. Some customers had to find seating in the outdoor patio when the indoor tables were full. I really liked the idea of having water and cups of water conveniently situated by the ketchup and mustard dispensaries. It would be nice to have access to some ice for the water. They also serve wine and beer. This is a very family-friendly place with a lot of children around.

I conclude that this place does not live up to the hype. Personally, I would rather go to In-N-Out for their tasty burgers and fresh fries - all for an affordable price.Really tasty burgers, definitely better than 5 guys imho, love the crinkle cut fries, good beer on tap, we both got the smokeshack, loved the hot cherry peppers. Will def be back!Parked right in front of the restaurant (located at the former Boston Market corner area facing Central Ave) at 4:00 and had no wait to order at the counter.  The kitchen and cashier section are more cramped than the Fashion Square location.  All unoccupied tables were clean, including the plentiful picnic tables outside.  Water from the condiment table was chilled, and there were plenty of cups.  My small single-item order was completed within a few minutes.

Single 'Mallow Monsoon: Far superior to s frosty, and also better than a Dairy Queen blizzard.  The chocolate and vanilla custard are swirled but not completely blended, but the overall flavor leans strongly chocolate.  I could not really taste the marshmallow sauce.  The chocolate truffle cookie dough were super rich and reminded me of fudge brownie pieces.  The sugar cone cookie pieces had a fantastic crush, and provided a great contrasting texture.

Shake Shack may be cost a little more than its competitors, but their quality is a step above as well.  My concrete was $4.98 after tax.Enjoyed our meal here. I went with the single cheddar and hubby did the double cheddar. Both were cooked to order and very tasty. We shared an order of fries with the cheese on the side to dip. Fries were just the right texture and also had the perfect amount of seasoning. We did not order any drinks. It was good but I am not sure it would be something I would crave and have to come back to.I was really excited for Shake Shack to open its Phoenix location, literally just a few minutes' walk from my house.  I had it when I lived in Washington, D.C. about 4 years ago and have been craving it ever since.  Honestly, this led to unfair expectations, but the food was still really good.  The burger practically melts in your mouth because of the buttery bun and good quality cheese.  I have to say that the patty itself isn't anything special.  I like the crinkle cut fries and (can't believe I'm actually saying this) but they are a little too crispy for my taste.  This may be because it's a new location and the employees haven't nailed the art of fry-making.  Also, it's awesome that they have beer and wine, including some local selections.  

My biggest gripe is that it is pricey.  People compare Shake Shack and In N Out, which is a hard comparison because they're just different.  But In N Out is clearly the better bang for your buck.  Nonetheless, I will still find myself at Shake Shack happily eating a Shack Burger and crinkle cut fries.Tried going there previously but lines were too long . The restaurant  is like Culver's or inn and out burger . Prices are a little higher . The bread was light and fluffy. Burger was a little  salty but good flavor . Fries were a little  over cooked.  Shakes were average  but a little pricier.  Dairy queen is better. It took about 7 minutes once we ordered.We went here for the first time to see what is the buzz all about. 

As the first timers, my expectations were bit high. I was expecting better service in a sense to where they would explain to us how it works or if they had any recommendations. It was a complete opposite. 

The girl that was helping us could care less about any questions we were asking, she was really unfriendly and just wanted to take our order and get to the next person. Did I mention, the place was not even that busy. 

We seat outside and food arrived. Totally average burgers. In my personal opinion they are super average for the price. The buns are nothing special....I was not impressed at all. 

Little over $30 later, bad service, and average food I did not leave this joint with the mindset of wanting to come back ASAP.This was our first visit to the newly opened Shake Shack. My husband and I waited in line during lunch rush for about 15 minutes. A nice worker gave us a menu to peruse while we waited.
Once we were just about in the front door, we had to wait for her to tell us when we could proceed to the inside line. The menu is big and visible on the wall near the registers.
We finally made it to the front and placed our order for the Smoke Shack single cheeseburger meal with an order of crinkle cut cheese fries, a Coke and a Root Beer Float. We were given a restaurant pager and we had a seat at a nice, big booth. It would be another 15 minutes until our order was ready.
My husband went up to get it. Once he was seated, we checked out our food and dived into it. It was very good, hot, fresh, delicious.
I think Shake Shack sets itself apart from other burger shops in that it's concept is on using only the freshest and highest quality meat and vegetables, and home made frozen custard. 
The service was good and the people friendly despite it being newly opened.
I recommend everyone give them a try.I was looking forward to eating here and I was thoroughly surprised by there quick ticket times for how busy they are and the quality of there food. I ordered the chicken sandwich was very good with a side of cheese fries. You must try the cheese fries!! I will definitely come back and i look forward to trying a burger and some ice cream. The only thing I would knit pick is the size of there small soda which is like a kids cup and the fact that they don't carry ranch dressing.I've been here twice and will not go again.  The food is mediocre and for the price forget it there isn't much bang for your buck.  Everything is small and the price is large.  Frankly you can get a better burger for this price point elsewhere.I first heard about Shake Shack back in the early 2000's from friends in NYC so I was excited when they finally opened locations in Phoenix and Scottsdale.

The burgers, fries, and shakes are certainly good, but I wish they'd opened here years ago, because with the explosion of burger restaurants nationwide that is no longer an uncommon thing to find. 

Hopdaddy, Habit, Smashburger, Five Guys, and In-N-Out all provide burgers that are equally as good and at a much more reasonable price. Heck, even The Counter in California seemed cheaper.

Sure it's fine to promote that you are from New York, but I'm not willing to pay New York prices for a burger that I'm still eating in Phoenix.

Overall Shake Shack is good, but overpriced.Double burger pretty good.
Chicken burger really crispy and pretty good.
Shake pretty good.
Fries pretty good.
End of the story is two burgers, one order of fries, one small shake and one small soda was $28!Great Quality Food! I like Shake Shack--First time I had it was in Chicago back in January. They were super busy today, and they did pretty good considering they did not have training that long maybe like a week or so--We live in the area and we were definitely waiting for when they opened. If you are use to paying .99cents for burgers then you will feel the crunch at this place. This is for people who are use to quality food. We are use to paying around 8 bucks a burger at The Stand on Indian School. Glad we have a spot that uses great quality close by. 2 Burgers 2 Shakes and 1 Fry was a good 33 bucks. Will come back!I love the taste of the burger and crinkle cut fries and I appreciate that shake shack uses all fresh and responsibly raised ingredients.

However, I find it to be way overpriced and I don't see the value in it. A double cheeseburger is over $8 and fries and/or drinks aren't included in the price. 

I wish they would have a happy hour...that would definitely get me in the door.I don't do a lot of fast food so its a pretty good burger for fast food. Burger is seasoned, bread is soft and sweet, I enjoy when I'm having a cheat day. I don't like a lot of condiments so I never get the shack sauce so I can't comment too much on that. The fries are ok, not worth the calories so I usually skip them unless I'm having a bad day then fries it is but they are just okay. Service always good not always fast. They are usually pretty busy, probably because its new. I like that they have beer and wine so you could actually make it a date but won't be mad if you just stick with the mint lemonade because its good too. Can kinda get expensive but heck you won't be going every day. If you haven't ever been try it, but don't get carried away with the whole wait in line for it, its just not that serious.I've been hearing so much hype about Shake Shack for well over a year from the time that they announced that they were coming to the Phoenix metro area until I finally had the stars align correctly so that I can try this place. 

I had a Shack Burger and a Shack Shake for $11.49. After all, I had to try their signature items to write a proper Yelp review. I thought the seating was awkward since there were many tables lined up together along with over sized booths but little consideration for couples or single diners. The sun setting in the West is blazing into the restaurant during the dinner hours. How about some screen to block those rays? Or at least sell some sunscreen to the tourists and first timers.

Okay, I know some people might not enjoy my rant about the setup so I'll move on to the food part. The burger was mediocre or pedestrian at best. IMO, Smashburger and In-N-Out Burger are superior alternatives as far as taste and price point. The shake was just okay for me but really fell short of expectations.

So in summary, Shake Shack over promised and under delivered in my opinion.Had to try this NY import.  The burgers were tasty though a bit on the small size.  Fries were perfect.  My biggest problem was with the total bill of $27 for two burgers,  two fries and a soda and a shake. Can get the same from In and Out for less than half of that.  Shake Shack fries are better but is the place worth twice the price?This was my second time back at Shake Shack as I was contacted by them after my last review and was asked to please return with a free burger. I will tell you, I truly appreciate businesses that read our reviews and take action! If nothing else, it tells their customers that they truly care about our opinions and want to make sure we have a positive experience. 

While this is not my first choice of burger joints, my Shake Burger was pretty good. The produce seemed fresh and the bun was delightful. My one area of critique is that my burger was a little overdone, but not too bad.

I must rave about their service. From the moment I walked in, the manager greeted me with a smile and a friendly hello. The cashier was very bubbly and made sure I got extra pickles, which made me super happy. Lastly, the manager stopped by, picked up my tray and asked if I wanted more water. I declined the water, but the gesture was awesome and truly appreciated.Scratching my head on all the people complaining about the price. This is a RESTAURANT, not a drive through like In-n-Out where you get your burger in 8 seconds. 

My wife and I went on Sunday afternoon. We got a cheeseburger, chicken sandwich, and shared a cheese fries. The total bill was $16 bucks. Seems like a value to me.

Both the burger and chicken sandwich were awesome and a good size. This is not like what you would get at In-n-Out where I can power down two double doubles without batting an eyelash. One double here would more than satisfy me here.

The beef was delicious and props to the girl at the counter who asked if we wanted pickle and onion on it... YES. The pickles are bomb and whoever does the buns should get a nice pat on the back. Perfect size and tooth to not fall apart with the juicy as hell burger and nice gooey cheese.

Chicken sandwich was spot on. I think Chick Filet has a great, simple chicken Sammy. This was just like that, but with a better, lighter, batter to it. Yum.

Last is the cheese fries. Hate to admit it, but I love some cheese fries with the standard runny "nacho" cheese. Prefer them that way. The cheese on these babies knocked my socks off. It had that gooeyness that I covet but the flavor far surpasses my wildest cheesy dreams. Such a nice refined chedar/irish cheddar flavor... I need this recipe because it would also make the perfect mac and cheese.

FIVE BIG STARS all the way for Shake Shack.High expectations for this Shake Shack location, considering I was obsessed with Shake Shack in New York.

This location is huge, with ample tables and seating both indoor and outdoor. With it being in the corner of the Uptown plaza, there is definitely more than enough parking as well. The decor is the same as the other Shake Shacks, modernly simple and dark with TVs mounted. Their menu serves, burgers, hotdogs, fries, milkshakes, concretes (frozen custard), teas, Stumptown coffee and alcohol (beer and wine).

Decided to grab a SmokeStack (single), order of fries and a Mallow' Monsoon Concrete to cover satisfy the sweet, salty and savory tastebuds that we all know and love from fast food places. The SmokeStack, single, was the perfect size for me. Donning their wonderful fluffy, delicious bun, Shack sauce, red peppers, Niman ranch bacon and cheese. Their burger patties here run medium well, so if you're not a fan of pink meat let it be known. The burger was as good as I remembered, but a tad bit smaller. Slightly spicy from the peppers, but great slight heat and smokiness from the thick pieces of bacon. Love, love, love the buns they have here. The fries here are crinkle-cut and were hot and fresh out of the fryer. The Mallow' Monsoon Concrete still gives me the same feeling about the concretes (frozen custard) here, it's still too sweet for my liking and more than enough for two people to share. The one I got had brownie dough, waffle cone mixed into the chocolate and mallow ice cream. 

Service was pretty good, considering it was rush hour when I came into dine despite having only two cashiers and a formed line. Do expect a wait time, it does take a bit for your food to come out which you claim with your numbered buzzer. There are also employees that do walk around to ask how you are doing and clear off trays off tables. One gal was sweet enough to grab me a baggie to take my left over fries and concrete home, securely lidded. As for prices go, one may think of burgers and such as fast food, but it's actually fast-casual. For a dessert, burger and fries it came out to be around $15-16 dollars.

Definitely glad Shake Shack has finally opened and conveniently on Camelback and Central. Sure, I'm California-born and remain true to In-N-Out, but Shake Shack is not classic fast food despite that they both carry burgers, fries and milkshakes. Two entirely different restaurants and there's no ifs, ands or buns about it! O:-)Its just okay. Burger seems about the same as culvers and so is the fries. They even have concrete which is a culvers thing too. Their burgers here are really greasy. The shakes are really good tho. No free refills on soda products which sucks. It's also really expensive. Lunch for 3 ran me 45$. I'll  stick with culvers if I want something similar. *note not a culvers fan just found it rereally similar.Not really sure what the BFD is with the Shake Shack. I went to the Shake Shack with family and we shared many items. I tried their insane double decker burger that consists of a fried cheese filled mushroom burger, a cheeseburger patty.... and we had to add bacon, of course. It was alright, but for the calorie count, I would expect it to be bigger. I tried the chicago dog, which was legit, and I would order that again. The cheese fries were covered in gloopy cheese sauce... no thanks. The desserts were good, but.... come on.... it's ice cream... can't be bad. Would I go back to shake shack? Sure... but it isn't anything mind blowing.(Update)

Two words: Cheese Fries

I'm not the biggest fan of Crinkle Cut fries, however, Shake Shack has a killer cheese sauce. The cheese actually tastes of cheddar, instead of the American Slices or Velveeta stuff. Shake Shack isn't fast food, so don't expect fast food quality here. Yum!Wow! All I have to say this place is really good! I was reading others reviews and I was really surprised at what people had to say. 

First off yes it's pricey and if you're looking for a 99 cent burger then what are you doing here?? Go back to your processed fast food burgers for that! Lol their meat here is organic grass fed, and cage free. So you pay for what you get. 

Ok so I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and it was delicious! The chicken was fried to perfection! And if you complain about a crispy chicken sandwich being too greasy why are you ordering it?! They serve it with pickles and a herb mayo everything about that sandwich was amazing. 

I also got cheese fries, because why not. And they were ok I am not a huge fan of cheese fries in general, but the person I was with insisted. For dessert we got a strawberry milkshake it was yummy as well.

Customer service is great. Very friendly and helpful staff. The menu gets to the point. All in all it's pretty delicious and I am now a shake shack fan! Definitely will be back.Good burger and nice atmosphere, especially the patio and location. However, for the price, I have been disappointed on my two visits here. In-n-Out Burger is just as good for a 1/3 of the price. Shake Shack is worth $6.00 at best. Adding fries and drink (which they dispense) makes a lunch nearly $11.00/person. Not worth it in my book.Don't listen to the haters, buy into the hype here because this place is real. I'm going to say this now, this place is better than any other fast food chain burger I've had. 

Okay so let me delve into this. The burgers here are simple but incredibly well done. They also use a potato bun that adds more consistency and texture to the bun and gives you a feeling of eating more. Also when I judge a burger, it's my personal opinion to also judge the main accompaniment, the fries. I usually am not a fan of crinkle cut fries but my glob do they do it well here. A good portion that's salted just right with a great amount of crisp to it. I've been to shake shack five times in the last 6 weeks and I haven't seen a fry ever not fried enough or burnt, it's always perfect, I have no clue how they do it. 

So what do I get? Well I do have a preference. I've tried their mushroom shack which is too overwhelmingly cheesy for me. It's a large portobello mushroom filled with several types of melted cheese. Maybe that's your thing, just know that it's a lot of cheese. My friend usually gets that with a regular patty in one bun (aka shack stack). This is my personal order: hamburger with bacon and a chicken patty as well. Oh my god is it heaven. For a burger place they know how to make an incredibly good fried chicken patty. Honestly it might be better than their actual burger. But that just might be me.

They also have pretty interesting desserts called concretes which is frozen custard. I think this part of the menu along with drinks rotates to give it some variety so be aware! Anyway Shake Shack is great and I want you all to absolutely love it as much as I do. Go and see the light!I didn't expect to agree with the semi negative reviews here, but I do. A bit overpriced and the burger was not great. I didn't think it had a lot of taste and the meat seemed a tiny bit, sorry, but almost chewy. The crinkle fries are really good, crispy and salty. I cannot get the milkshake because I can't cheat on Sugar Bowl.Loving that I have the taste of NY so close to home.  Shake Shack is a delicious chain based out of NY.  

I love the crinkle cut fries, the tasty hamburgers, the crispy chicken sandwiches and there Mushroom Juicy Lucy Burger, which is melted cheese in between (2) pieces of fried Portobello.

The prices are a bit higher compared to other fast food burgers, but I think the food itself is better than your typical burger joint.

My wife really enjoys the Mushroom "Juicy Lucy" Burger as she is a Vegetarian, but says it's so hardy it reminds her of a yummy burger.

Can't wait to come back!Still 3 stars. 

Came ahead of what - presumably - is going to be a Friday-night dinner-rush. No line. A few occupied tables. Many of which, it turns out, had diners waiting for their meals. 10 minute ticket time. Not bad. But, even though cooked to order, seems slower than it could be. Actually much better than my first experience. But, there was a long line that time.

The place is spotless which cannot be overstated. Too many fast food "restaurants" that are far from clean. Friendly staff. Time to lean? Yup. Time to clean! They were on it. Their self-serve condiment bar was fully stocked. The dining area and what I could see of the kitchen were clean, too.

I had a single ShackBurger and small fries. $9. Not cheap! But, OK. And, here's why: the burger had a nice grill flavor and was cooked medium rare. Fresh lettuce and a tasty slice of tomato. I don't like what they use for cheese - it reminds me of melted Velveta. Not usually a fan of crinkle fries for a lot of reasons. These were OK, though. Good amount of salt. Good amount of crispiness. And, the oil used was clean. But, crinkle fries fall apart easily IMO. These were no exception.

I'm not a fan of custard in any form. So I skipped the shake, the Concrete and the whatever else. It's an east coast thing. I get it. I'm Surf City, dude. Gimmee ice cream. The higher the butter fat, the happier I am. Skipping this cut my ticket cost nearly in half.

Not sure I'd come back if there was a line. I'll be back but it won't be a priority lunch stop, either. I see this more for lunch than dinner. So, for me, though I like a brew with a burger, that's not happening for lunch.

I hope they find a following of Raving Fans to support them. Uptown deserves this kind of boost. So, NYC to PHX: time to represent.I really only came here for the frozen custard, but was surprised how good the burger was. That bread is so good and compliments the burger perfectly. All of my food was great, the only part that was not so great was the prices. I paid about $18 for a bacon cheeseburger, fries, drink, and some custard. It was good but I can't eat here that often with those prices.SHAKE SHACK IS AMAZING. 

Quality food, great price and cheese fries! Yay! We were so excited to find out that it was coming to Phoenix and the food is the same as when we had it in D.C. 

The black and white shake with a Chicago dog and cheese fries are my favorite. Oh! Chicken sandwich, TRY IT! Absolutely scrumptious.Even after having Shake Shack in New York, and thinking it was over hyped, My nephews wanted to eat there. Wait in a line out side, just to get in. Order Burgers, fries and drinks . $2.80 for lrg Iced tea. No refills. Maybe you can if you go to the counter? But with the horribly long line, I didn't bother. You are paying the price of a sit down burger, Maybe someone should come around and refill for you?? Or, Hey Shake Shack- Put the drinks on the OUTSIDE of the kitchen and we'll refill them. $44 for three burgers and fries and no refills......Sorry I just don't get it. Atmosphere is good. Nice patio to enjoy a late dinner (when the parking lot isn't crazy).  But the food is fast food and the fries strongly resemble ore-Ida crinkle cut fries. They may have been ore-Ida. Too expensive for the quality.  I like McDonald's betterThe bacon cheese fries are amazing.  The bacon burger was ok but it's was smaller than expected.  But the fries were just perfect.  So good my friends went up to get more.   Prices were a little high.  Just for me it was $15.00.Restaurant is very well run and nice. 

Not sure if I am just over shake shack or what but. Just not as in to the burger here as I was in DC.  Just doesn't compare for me to in and out or other burgers I have had. 

Love the fires though if you are in to old school crinkle. Best you can get!In a city like Phoenix, with such a powerhouse of a local food scene, its difficult for a chain from out of state to come in with the presence that Shake Shack did, so I'll give them that. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was very friendly.

We split the SmokeShack burger, a double, and the burger patties were so delicious with that smokey grilled goodness. A touch too much mayo.

I got a concrete. This is custard in a bowl mixed with various goodies. I built my own and got vanilla with cookie dough and fudge, they may as well add it to the menu because it's bomb.

Bryce got a vanilla shake. Good enough, I guess. They charge .50 for whipped cream. Seems a little criminal to me. 

Shake shack was a good stop for us, but we probably won't be back. There are too many better places that are local, and right in be same neighborhood.Small size burger for price you pay. McDonald's size burger at NY prices.
Shack Stack, burger with mushroom for $9.59, burgers taste good but when you compare the prices of the gourmet burger restaurants, I would not come to shack shack.

The Shack Stack burger comes with a beef patty and a portabello mushroom that is slightly breaded and the size of the burger patty.

Food is tasty and fresh, qauntity and price are the down fallHere's the deal; it's okay. They have a tried and true menu with burgers and other stuff on bread. There's beer and wine, along with the desserts.

This is a fast casual place, but no self service soda, like every other place. A place like this ought to have a drive thru.

Is there a Freddy's Frozen Custard bear you? Just as good, but cheaper and a drive thru. No booze, though.Got the chicken sandwich which tasted great but was a bit greasy ( it is deep fried after all)! My son got the double cheeseburger which looked amazing and he said it was great! He also got a chocolate shake that was so so! I will come back to get a burger - staff was great and atmosphere is nice.
Oh the fries are not that good!I'm glad to have a quick burger joint on Camelback and Central. The entrance faces Central and the restaurant is pretty spacey. We came on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and there was no line surprisingly. 

We decided to order the Shake Stack (meat patty with portobello mushroom), crinkle cut fries and the concrete single Mallow Monsoon. 

Shake stack: it was a tasty burger! I loved every bite! The problem is the size - are you kidding? It looked like a junior burger. Normally, I split my burger with my hubby because in most places, the burger is enormous. Once I saw it, I was thinking, this size - for $9.59? I could of eaten this whole burger all by myself. It was a little overpriced. I agree with other reviewers - It should be more like a $6.50 or $7 burger.

Crinkle cut fries: nothing special for $2.99. If you look at my picture I posted, I had more fries than I did a burger. 

The Mallow Monsoon was delightful!! It was perfect and worth the $4.59. 

Service was quick and we were out of there in 30 or so minutes so.I'm reviewing a chain, but it's a new and rare chain in these parts, so get off my back!

We're flooded--absolutely inundated with chain burger places, so Shake Shack, brought to us from NY, has some big shoes to fill. 

Here's what I like: The smokestack burger. Great, premium toppings. I enjoyed this thoroughly and it was over too soon. I also like the beverage selection. Abita root beer to wash it all down was amazing, but you can get a grown-up beer if you feel that way as well. True to its name, there are a variety of milkshakes, so there's quite a bit of options to enjoy on the side. 

Here's what I don't like: They seem kinda small, and the beef itself was just good, but nothing above average for the price range. I like my buns nice and toasty, these were plain and very soft--almost as though they were steamed. A small, single burger and a fancy soda is like $11. With fries, we're getting into the price range at which I may as well just go to a ;real' restaurant.

I don't think it's the best, but it's good enough and you should try it. It looks spiffy and the people are nice. A-OK with me!Best burger for the price. Shakes are amazing. Cheese fries are delish. This is the nyc version of in-n-out but better quality. Sooo good!Awful food and shakes are made with syrup.  Would not recommend this place at all. Nothing comes with anything everything is ala Carte.This place is WAY OVERPRICED!! Almost $6 for a shake, OVER $8 for a double cheeseburger and it comes with NOTHING! Seriously? Want fries? Oh, that's ANOTHER $3! Ridiculous! You can get the same thing (quality & quantity) at Wendy's for literally 1/4 th the price. NEVER AGAIN.....I will start with saying the food we ordered tasted good.  It was flavorful and was ok.  I had the burger with mushroom on it and I liked it.  

This is what you need to know when you eat here.  I had a burger and fries... NO DRINK.  My bill just for myself was almost $14.  There was nothing about this food or the service that warranted being 14 bucks.  I was not impressed with the service and the food was not larger portions by any means.  I can get the same caliber burger or better at nearly any restaurant in Phoenix.  Think about this, you can get a steak with sides and salad for that price at Texas Road House.  Just a thought.  I probably would not go back here because their prices are those of a sit down restaurant... this is a fast food burger joint.  The prices should match.  Not worth it at all. Also, for the price they are charging they can do way better on the cleanliness of the dining area.I have been waiting months for this place to finally open because I've always heard great things about it. It did not disappoint. I got there right before they opened as I knew there would be a line (sure enough there was). They handed us menus while we waited and offered water while sitting, waiting for my food. Great customer service! I ordered the SmokeShack and regular fries (want to try the cheese fries and concretes next time). The burger was absolutely delicious!! The cheese was perfectly melted, the peppers were an added pop of flavor and the bacon of course was just great. I would have liked some lettuce added and the buns to be more toasted but I know to request it next time. I'm usually not a fan of crinkle cut fries (reminds me of elementary school) but these were very good. I imagine the cheese fries will be just amazing. I can't wait to return and try a concrete also! I love that they serve beer and wine as well as offering chicken. Great place, great service, great food. They have plenty of space indoors and outdoors and have long wooden tables to fit many guests. Must try! Thank you Shake Shack for coming to Phoenix!!I was excited to check out the new Shake Shack in Phoenix and was craving a burger and fries!  I had only eaten at a Shake Shack back East, so excited to see their growth in the Valley.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon around 4pm and it was surprisingly busy especially for as hot as it was outside.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming, the food came out quickly and I enjoyed my meal.  The cheeseburger and crinkle cut fries were quite tasty and definitely a splurge as they are packed full of calories and fat!  Next time, I'll try a shake...couldn't indulge in all of those calories at one time!Hmm, more like 3.5 stars. Definitely not worth the high prices or the long line... But it's a decent burger and pretty good hot dog. Cheese fries were awesome too, shakes were pretty good. 

Will I be back? YeahMy taste buds didnt shake as much as the hype said they would. It was a good burger, not a huge fan of the fries. The shake, vanilla was good but chocolate wasn't anything spectacular. Possibly the hype created unrealistic expectations. It's comparable to a Smash but I would choose Smash over the Shack.SHAKE SHACK IS AMAZING. 

Quality food, great price and cheese fries! Yay! We were so excited to find out that it was coming to Phoenix and the food is the same as when we had it in D.C. 

The black and white shake with a Chicago dog and cheese fries are my favorite. Oh! Chicken sandwich, TRY IT! Absolutely scrumptious.My second visit was great. Celebrated my grandsons birthday. This was his choice he calls it hamburger and ice cream place. I ordered our food on this visit and was impressed with the employees and the way they interact with their customers. The best service I have had. Polite, helpful, caring, friendly.I lived in New York for a brief period in 2007, and as soon as I tried Shake Shack, I was hooked. I'm so glad they've finally made it it west!

Is Shake Shack pricier than typical fast food? Yes, but it's also not typical fast food, both in terms of food quality and the aesthetic atmosphere of the restaurant itself. How many fast food places outfit their restaurants with great patio space and tables made from reclaimed bowling alley wood from Brooklyn?

I've noticed a lot of reviews comparing Shake Shack to In-N-Out, Five Guys, Habit, even McDonald's. Are those places cheaper? Definitely. But I'd also venture to say the quality of Shake Shacks beef is far better. I'm not sure what seasoning Shake Shack uses, but the beef is far more flavorful to me than any competitor. When it comes to bun quality, Shake Shack wins that one hands down. The butter toasted Martin's potato roll is way better than buns used anywhere else. And if beef isn't your thing, the Chick'n Shack is amazing! I'm definitely more of a beef fan than chicken, but I've gotten the chicken my last two visits here. Super flavorful, crispy, and juicy- everything that most chicken sandwiches lack.

I know the French fry battle is always a hot topic, bu I also prefer the Shake Shack Yukon crinkle cut fries to any other burger place (save maybe the truffle fries at Zinburger).

One of the best part of Shake Shack is the beverage selection. Anywhere I can get a good glass of wine or a good beer is an automatic plus for me. I like that they feature local drafts on tap too. If you prefer your liquid indulgence in the sweet variety, the shakes and concretes here are also great. I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but I ended up drinking more than my share of the black & white shake my husband ordered. They've also got two concretes special to Phoenix. I've only had the Camelshack (salted caramel and banana cream pie), but it was really good.

What really pushes this location to five-stars for me is the service. Every worker I've encountered has been super friendly. They've even come buy to offer water or to clear the table- not something you see in most fast casual places.

If you're looking for the most food for the least amount of money, this is not your place. However, if you'd rather have a quality burger, in a nice atmosphere, and maybe enjoy a beer or wine with your meal, this is the place for you.I have this friend from New York........ So I go to the shack, no one waiting the place is empty at 2:30 on a Friday. I'm a virgin; I let them know this. Were they anxious to give me suggestions or explain the offerings at all: NOPE! The employees couldn't be less interested in selling anything. In fact the mood was as if I was bothering them. I certainly missed out on some workweek hijinks from the very personal conversations that were taking place. Off to a shaky start, pun intended. Whenever I inquired how is this burger or how is that shake; the standard it's good was replied. I decide to be a purest and go for an original Shackburger, cooked Medium. Fries and the Salted Caramel shake. 

While waiting for you food I noticed the dcor which is fun and trendy. There is a fixin's bar with ketchup, mustard, hot sauce, salt and pepper you get the idea. I grab the things I want and have a seat. 

$5.29 The burger a single patty seemed about 3 to 4 ounces, prepared correctly but NO flavor. I added salt and pepper it was less bland. It is very small for the price. The bun was nice and soft it actually had more flavor than the beef. 

$2.99 The fries, let my preface this with I love crinkle cut fries, these were not my fav. In my opinion they weren't even as good as Del Taco's. I don't use much salt but these were in dire need of salting! They were on the hard side as well perhaps over cooked a bit. Which again I normally like but these fell flat. Nothing exciting, small portion and over priced. 

$5.29 The shake was the worst part of my meal, it was so sweet I could not drink it! It tasted like a third of this very small cup was pure caramel. I thought if I mix it up more it will get better and that didn't help, it was unbearable I had to throw it out. The price on this very small shake about 12 to 16 ounces maybe? Um no thank you! I'll go across the street to Dairy Queen and get a better shake. 

So in closing for almost $15.00, I had a kids meal in a fancy space. Sorry Shake Shack I wont be back. 

For a sit down burger joint I will continue with my fav Steak N Shake, Twice the food for 2 3rds the price! Flavorful Original Double Steakburger, Large fry, Large Hand dipped shake under $10.00 Delish!Dang it. I was so ready for the worlds most mind blowing burger, hot dog, fries and shake.  I can't say I was disappointed because it's different. I saw the lines for the past few months at both locations and I waited to strike when the line was gone. So I hit it up.

Bacon burger was good. The bun was one of the best in the biz. The meat fresh. The bacon- meh.

The fries are good and crispy. They zig zaggers which some either love or hate. Personally not a favorite but people are so picky so whatever.

The hot dog loses.  A competitor has a similar hot dog and the quality of the dog is better and the char on the bun is better. Pass on the dog here. Tastes boiled. Not sure.

The shake/ice cream though. Legit. Went with a marshmallowy, chocolatey, waffle coney cup of wonder. I'll be back just for that after a burger.  Seating was amble and staff friendly so all in all a great little burger shack. Not a place I'd go out of your way to have but maybe cravings will start.Fun Place... Great burgers. We were six in our group that had the smoke shack which is awesome. Nina Ranch bacon just rocks... One person got the hot dog which they loved. Great ambiance. Great shakes, wine and beer. I know there are people on these reviews saying its expensive etc. etc. For the quality you get, its right on the mark.... Their burgers are much better than In-N-Out. Don't get me wrong I love In-N-Out but this is absolutely 2-5 steps above. Will go back for sure....I've been waiting so so so so LONG to try a Shake Shack. Every city I've been too, the lines were so long and I wasn't going to deal. Saturday we went to the PHX museum. We were looking for a place to eat after, started driving and my husband saw the restaurant and it was just starting to fill up for the lunch crowd based on the parking lot. We got in and the line was barely a line, but I did notice all the tables were almost full. I sent my son to find a table and he did.

We ordered 1 ShackBurger Double (Cheeseburger topped with lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce), 1 Hamburger Double with all-natural applewood smoked bacon, 1 ShackBurger Double (Cheeseburger topped with lettuce, ShackSauce and bacon), 2 Fries, 1 Chocolate Milkshake, and 1 Beer all for $40

After our pick up order buzzer went off, we picked up our meal, one of the burgers were missing so we had to wait, the beer was missing and so was an order of fries, plus the burger that was missing came with 1 patty after we paid for 2, by then we were so frustrated... not happy. Finally we got everything we ordered. We took a vote, Burgers were OK maybe they forgot the ShackSauce or something but I had to go get ketchup to add some flavor. Fries were good. Milkshake was good.

I'm finally glad I was able to try a Shake Shack to find out what all the HYPE is about which I still don't know why... and the icing on the cake is since this was the only meal I ate that day I had food poisoning from my burger all night.I would have to say this place is okay at best for me at least I had the burger and mushroom the fried mushroom with cheese in it was very overpowering that's all you can taste couldn't really taste the meat but them together was below average for a burger the fries were just ok kind of soggy also I had a lemonade not very good either they said it was fresh made I don't think so  service was grate explained what they where about I'll give them one more goI think I'm over the Shroom burger, but I give the service, cheese fries, and custard all the stars. This location is nice and open, easy to get to and plenty of parking.  I'm still waiting for the Kierland location to open near my house, but this one is central to many who live and work downtown. Short wait for your food, check them out.Like most people; I had to try the legendary Shake Shack.
Like most people; I had to see what the fuss was all about.
Like most people; I loved the food that I consumed.
Like most people; I just can't justify how much money I spent on what's essentially fast-food.

The burger is delicious. the quality of the beef and whatever other ingredients that are used to make the patty may be of a higher quality and freshness than you find at most upscale burger restaurants. It's also presented beautifully even if it is just wrapped in paper. The bun, lettuce and tomato are all the perfect size and taste to compliment the beef. The sauce is just alright. I'm not too sure what's in it, but it's heavily mayo-based, which remains the predominate flavor.

The shake is also incredible. Shake Shack doesn't just stick with the standard vanilla, chocolate and strawberry options. There is a pretty solid variety of unique flavors. Once I saw salted caramel on the menu, I had to try it. I was not disappointed. Not into shakes? There's beer, wine, and plenty of unique soft drinks to choose from.

The ultra modern ambiance makes for a nice dining experience. The wood tables made form refurbished bowling alley floors are a nice touch. The three flat screens playing sports and news make for a nice distraction if you need something to look at. And the patio looked like a nice spot to dine as well. The restaurant was also spotless despite a pretty sizable crowd at 9:30 on a Sunday night. And if you're wondering, it took about 10 minutes from when I ordered, to when the buzzer went off to get my food at the counter.

So, why just three stars? The price. I don't mind paying good money for good food, but I paid nearly $12.00 for the single patty burger and a shake. No fries or other sides. While not overly expensive, and certainly a filling meal, I could have had more food at a lower price at other quick-service restaurants. I also could pay just a few bucks more and get full-service at many other places. If there was a location closer to my home, I would happily treat myself to a meal there every few months. But since there is only this spot, and the one in Scottsdale, I can't justify going out of the way to grab a burger here. Shake Shack is good. Just not that good.Cons: lemonade too sweet, burgers need a little flavor.
Pros: accepts military discount. Food very fresh. Many options. Good shakes. Burger bun is awesome. Staff friendly. Place clean. Water available for customers to get there own refills. Louisiana hot sauce available. Fries are great. Glad we cameI finally got to see what all the hype was about for lunch yesterday. The place is bright with plenty of parking and seating both indoors and out. The ordering process was a bit slow as it was lunch time and busy but they only had one person taking orders. The menu is pretty straightforward...burgers, fries, shakes. I always order chicken instead of hamburgers and they only had one chicken sandwich option but they also have hot dogs so maybe I will try that next time. I had the chicken sandwich fries and a soda which ran about $12.00. For what is essentially fast food that's a bit much. My sandwich was good although a bit messy as it was loaded with shredded lettuce, pickles, and mayo. They served crinkle cut fries which I happen to be a big fan of and they have a good assortment of fountain drinks. I never see Fanta grape soda as an option so that was a fun surprise. They also have items on the menu for your dog if you are bringing your four-legged friend along.

It's definitely worth checking out of you are looking for something quick and a step above McDonalds.