I have yet to be truly disappointed after eating at Oregano's.  I've experienced iffy service at the Mesa location, but the Camelback location has always been great.  I've always had to wait, but that's only given me the opportunity to enjoy a tasty, tasty Bellini in the meantime (damn you, Oregano's, for your two-Bellini cap!).  Service is friendly, the food is consistently good, and the atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed.  Please note that if you are dining with a group, the entire group must be present before you are seated.

I have only two complaints about this location:

!. Parking sucks
2. The floors are VERY slippery. Beware if you're wearing heels or shoes with slick soles so you don't fall like I did.

Let's end on a high note, shall we?

1. You know how I feel about the Bellinis.
2. Big Rig Pasta + chicken + hot wings sauce = YUM
3. I'll only share a pizza cookie with you if I really, really like you. Otherwise, that sucker's all mine!

I heart you, Oregano's!I recently moved to the Coronado neighborhood and was hoping to find a good alternative to my favorite Melrose coffee shop.  a friend told me about Urban Beans and how great it was.  I didn't make it in during the holidays, but I finally did yesterday.

The place is really spacious, bright, and inviting.  There are plenty of tables and chairs and it looks like a great place to study, read, or  hang out with a friend or two.

I ordered a cafe au lait to go.  The nice guy at the counter asked me what ratio of coffee-to-milk I wanted and what kind of milk I wanted.  While the traditional cafe au lait is equal parts coffee and steamed whole milk, I don't always want lots of coffee flavor, so I found it thoughtful that he asked.

The display case had lots of different goodies, and had I not just purchased some delectable creme brulee from Torched Goodness, I would have chosen a treat.  I have been told they also serve sandwiches and have some of the best hummus/veggie plates.  I'm really looking forward to trying that!

My heart still belongs to my old coffee shop, but I think I'm going to really enjoy stopping in at Urban Beans.  Hooray!I don't have a lot to say beyond what has already been said, so I'll briefly share a few things my dinner companion and I made note of:

The Good
- Great looking spot in the esplanade, right off the ground-level parking behind the escalators
- Comfortable seating (we sat at a two-top)
- Nice, dim lighting
- Excellent food.  His chicken street and my barbacoa short rib tacos were outstanding
- Free homemade chips and salsa
- Nice happy hour pricing

The Bad
- The red sangria was horrid. There wasn't any fruit in my friend's glass.  The wine tasted cheap and not at all fruity like a sangria should.
- The music belonged in a nightclub, not a casual establishment in CenPho.  Like my friend said, they need to create an identity for this place and play music that suits it, not just blast some loud house crap.
- The music was WAY TOO LOUD.

We used a $10 Groupon and split the remaining $29 bill.  Great value for two dinner platters and two drinks.  Our waiter, whose name I didn't catch, was friendly, attentive, and made sure our water glasses were always full and checked in on us often, but not too often.

I look forward to returning!Wineburger is one of those places you know you can go to when you need a decent bite to eat at a fair price.  The cheeseburger is decent - standard bun, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and cheese (no onion for me, thanks)... but little flavor.  My lunch companion said she tasted the flavor of the red wine but I couldn't.  The fries were surprisingly good, and the basket was enough to feed at least three people.  My iced tea was strangely bland, watered down, and sour, but not entirely unpleasant.  Our waitress was really good, though - attentive, friendly, and all-around pleasant.  Another important thing to note is they are a cash-only establishment.  They do have an ATM, though.  I don't think I'll ever find myself craving a burger from Wineburger, but if I find myself around 16th St. & Camelback without any other options, I'll likely stop in for a quick bite.I was shocked when I discovered I hadn't yet reviewed Maizie's.  Time to fix that.

I have a bit of a crush on Maizie's.  Well, a bit more than a crush, really.  With the exception of one app, I have thoroughly enjoyed everything I've tried here.  The sweet potato fries are definitely the best I can find in Central Phoenix and I really, really love the Strawberry Tallcake - sweetly sinful!

My biggest gripe with this place is the service.  There are three or four waiters (all men!) who are always, without fail, truly outstanding.  The women, however, have been reliably less-than-stellar.  I don't know why there seems to be such a split in level of service, but I've come to expect it.  The women have never been outright terrible, but they are less friendly, slow, and a lot less responsive than the men.  Last time I was there with a friend (his first visit), one of the women who appeared to be a manager-type instead of a server, hovered around our table and watched us while we ate.  It was very unsettling and made us both a quite uncomfortable.  Odd.

I'm going to Maizie's tonight and am already looking forward to enjoying the "Attitude Adjustment" (Happy Hour) specials and a really great meal.  My fingers are crossed for a great server!I dated a guy years back who LOVED La Tolteca.  Given the opportunity, he would have eaten there every day.  When he and I went there for the first time, I also LOVED it.  But I suspect that my love for the place was a bit (a lot) exaggerated given my infatuation with this guy.  Over the years, I've gone back several times.  The food is good.  It's sometimes really bad, too.  Overall, this place is consistently inconsistent.  The beans are usually runny, bland, and pretty gross, but occasionally, they're actually really quite good.  The shredded beef flautas are good - unless they are over-fried and the meat is an unchewable shredded mess.  While I find this place to be hit-or-miss, it's one of the few Mexican joints that aren't excessively Americanized, so it's worth the gamble from time-to-time.

That said, the bakery is exceptional, and one of the best Mexican bakeries in town.  The selection is huge, everything is usually really fresh, and it's super, super cheap.  The bakery takes orders for cakes (up to a full sheet, I believe) and the tres leches is really delicious.

All-around, this is a great option for solid Mexican food and really delicious pastries!I don't have much to add that hasn't already been said, but I wanted to throw my five stars in the pot.  I'm thrilled America's opened this second location!  I wasn't sure the service would be as friendly as it is at the other location, but it definitely is.  As expected, the new place is cool, decorated wonderfully, and is a great spot to visit with friends or swing by to pick up a quick order after work.  If I could throw an extra star to this location, I would.  Why?  I think the salsa is just a touch better, spicier, and more flavorful than it is at the 7th St. location.  Either way, I love this place!America's has, by far, the best bean & cheese burritos in the valley.  It's huge, cheesy, messy, and is almost as good as my Grandma used to make.  Today I scored an XL bean & cheese burrito, chips & salsa, and a large iced tea for under $8.  Service is really, really friendly and even during the height of the lunch rush, they're fast!  Love it!Fuego Bistro is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix, if not my #1 favorite.  I was asked to attend a surprise anniversary dinner there a couple years ago, and since then I have returned many times for lunch and dinner.

Everyone has mentioned the food and how wonderful it is, and I am in complete agreement.  The Chipotle Cheddar Mashed Potatoes and Jalapeo Creamed Corn are amazing; I would go for those sides alone!  The appetizers are generous and the drinks are delicious.  Great all-around.

I will assume the generous portions have left the other reviewers too full to even consider ordering dessert; that's the only reason I can imagine not mentioning them here.  On my first visit, I ordered the Pastel de Tres Leches and fell in love.  The huge slice of cake wasn't your run-of-the mill Tres Leches.  It had an amazing mango or guava filling between each slice of cake and was pure heaven.  Also wonderful is the fried ice cream, banana empanada (I'm not certain that's what it's called), and the key lime pie.  So good!

My one and only complaint about this wonderful place is that they will not under any circumstances split the bill.  They will allow you to use multiple credit cards and cash, but you have to do the math on your own.  This is only tricky when you're with a large group, but even then, it's well worth it when you've enjoyed an amazing meal, tasty drinks, and were given top-notch, friendly service.Pino's is a relatively new find for me, and I'm so glad my friend Brian was kind enough to suggest it for lunch one day.  The other reviewers are right about the parking situation - there's not much of it!  If you get there early enough, though, you won't have a problem.

I'm a fan of simple pizza: not too much sauce, lots of cheese, and a great crust.  Pino's offers just that.  And even better, two people can go in, split a one-topping, 10" pizza and each enjoy a huge fountain drink for just over $12 total.  That's a great deal and will keep me returning time and again!Is it possible to have a crush on a coffeeshop?

This place is, by far, my favorite new discovery in ages.  I've been driving past it on my way to and from work for ages but never had the time to stop in.  I have friends who rave about the place and go regularly, so I really wanted to check it out.  I finally did this past Saturday (5/31) and I scolded myself for not having done so sooner.

My friend and I found a parking space out back in the tiny parking lot and walked in not really knowing what to expect.  One patron sat at a table with her laptop and the rest of the place was empty.  The friendly girl at the counter took our orders and gave her own recommendations for cool drinks.  I took her up on her suggestion of a peach smoothie.  It was wonderful - like drinking pureed peaches!  I took a sip of my friend's latte and knew I would be ordering one of my own at some point in the near future.  Before taking our drinks, my eyes lingered over the cupcakes on display; I must admit I drooled a bit.

Because it was such a nice night, we sat outside and enjoyed our drinks.  It wasn't long before more people showed up.  A group of older folks joined us outside and a few other groups and couple settled inside.  My mind kept going back to the cupcakes I saw earlier, and I ended up going inside to buy one.  My choices were vanilla, red velvet, lemon, and strawberry (I think).  Not only were the cupcakes quite sizeable, but they had sprinkles - goldfish and piggies!  Very nice touch.  I ended up selecting a vanilla funfetti cupcake with bright blue icing and goldfish sprinkles.  It wasn't anything spectacular - just a cupcake made from a box cake mix - but it was a very nice treat and that much more special due to the fishies.  I know - it doesn't take much to make me happy.

I've since been back twice and have used the very convenient drive-thru.  The first time, the man who came out to greet me asked if I had my stamp card after he took my order.  When I told him I didn't, he told me he would give me one, and he did - along with three stamps!  that morning I had another peach smoothie and decided to try the red velvet cupcake.  The smoothie was just as ood as the first, but this cupcake was VERY tasty - much better than the vanilla funfetti.  I stopped again this morning and ordered a vanilla latte.  That sucker far surpassed the vanilla lattes I usually get at Starbucks.

I love supporting local businesses, and I'm only too happy to return to Copper Star time and again.  I suggest you do, too!I'm a fan of well-done, simple, no-frills burgers, and Smashburger is just that.  A co-worker and I just came back from a wonderful lunch and I'm completely satisfied.  I opted to build my own burger and went with a 1/2lb. burger on the chipotle bun with cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, ketchup, mustard, and chipotle sauce.  I'm not a fan of a lot of spices on my fries so I went with the regular.  A cold cherry coke made my meal complete.  I was told it would be 5-7 minutes before my order was ready, and not more than five minutes later, it was brought out to our table.  Not only was the presentation really nice, but the burger was out of this world!  It was cooked just as I like it (well-done) and was really hot and juicy.  The fries were good on their own, but paired with the chipotle sauce, they were near perfect.  The awesome food coupled with the friendly, efficient service ranks Smashburger up in my top three favorite burgers in town.  Well done!Switch has been one of my absolute favorites since they've been around.  I have had the pleasure of gathering with friends for birthday dinners here year after year and many happy hours, dinners, lunches, and brunches.  I don't think I have ever had a bad experience, and I usually leave thinking that visit was better than the last.  I've gone to Switch for dates, and while the place is always boisterous, it always feels intimate and private.  The decor is beautiful - lots of blues and browns with gorgeous local art hanging on the walls.  It's just an all-around great place to visit!

My favorites:

- The Blonde Sangria.  Hands-down my favorite drink in CenPho.
- The hummus & pita, especially with lots of roasted red peppers.
- The Cowboy Burger.  The BBQ sauce is just perfect.
- The $6 carafes of screwdrivers & mimosas during the weekend brunch. Need I say more?

The staff is exceptionally friendly (and unusually good-looking!), service is always top-notch, and the food & drinks are awesome.  I'm a Switch fangirl for life!I live a mere three blocks from this wonderful place, yet I've only been twice.  Don't ask me why, though, because I don't have a good answer.  Both visits were very nice.  More than nice, actually.  On each occasion, I was met by different baristas.  Both were super-friendly and chatted with me while they prepared my order.  It's a very refreshing change of pace when you meet a stranger who seems genuinely nice and makes you feel like they actually like you.  Lola's employees make me feel this way.

I'm the sort of person who will frequent a business with great customer service even if the goods they offer aren't the best.  At Lola, I get both!  On my first visit, I ordered a Cafe Au Lait and some sort of decadent cupcake.  Both were extremely tasty.  Today's coffee was a latte, I believe, with caramel and white chocolate.  So, so good.  Mind you, I know nothing about coffee except that I generally hate Starbucks and prefer my coffee light and sweet.  And bonus? A raspberry bar on the house.  It was one of the best raspberry bars I've ever had.

The other night, I took a friend to another local favorite coffee house.  I'm looking forward to taking him to Lola next time we hang out.  And I'll definitely be stopping by Lola more frequently on my own!I love Culver's.  Their burgers are among my favorite, the cheese curds are delicious, and their peanut butter Concrete Mixer is sinful.  Unfortunately, service at this location is exceptionally lacking.  I placed a drive-thru order for the food items mentioned above last week during the lunch hour.  I was asked to pull forward to wait for my meal, and I waited... and waited... and waited.  I waited for a full 20 minutes before my meal was brought out to me, only to find it was incorrect.  The server who brought the food out to me stared at me like he didn't know what I was saying and then told me I was mistaken.  When he saw I was, indeed, correct, he took my food bank in and I waited another five minutes for my meal.  At that point, already late getting back to work, I left.  Imagine my dismay when I got back to my desk and discovered my meal was wrong yet again.  It was my fault for not checking once again before leaving, I know, but seriously?  I'll stick with the Metrocenter location despite it being a few miles out of my way.This past Friday night found me wanting a way to unwind after a crappy day.  A friend suggested pizza, but neither of us were in the mood for the usual.  He searched Yelp and came up with The Parlor and its great reviews.  we decided to give it a shot.

We showed up around 6:30 to a packed parking lot.  There was a long wait for a table inside, but we opted to eat on the patio and were immediately seated (after, of course, a Scottsdale mom and and old dude each cut in front of us).  Our waitress was Lisa.  She brought us water and made drink recommendations.  The drink special of the night was some sort of watermelon/vodka/lime juice concoction, which she highly recommended.  I took her up on that while my friend ordered a Blue Moon Hefe (on tap).  My drink was AWESOME!  I expected some sort of syrupy-sweet watermelon-flavored drink, but what I got was real, pureed watermelon!  Really good, really refreshing... and really refreshing at $9!  It was worth it.

After mulling over the menu, we decided to split the spicy BBQ chicken pizza, sans green onions.  We waited a short while before our pizza was brought out.  To my dismay, I noticed green onions all over the pizza.  We flagged down our waitress and asked for a new one.  True to her word, just five minutes later we had a fresh pie.  This pizza was, perhaps, one of the BEST I've ever had.  The crust wasn't too thin or too thick, the BBQ sauce was wonderfully flavorful and just enough, and the serrano chiles were really hot.  The 12" was a perfect size for the two of us to split.  We weren't overstuffed but weren't left hungry, either.

For dessert, we ordered a seasonal fruit crostata, which that day was nectarine.  It was served with a small scoop of vanilla gelato.  this was a fantastic end to a perfect meal.  The fruit was sweet and tart, the crust was flaky and sweet, and the gelato tied it all together.

Altogether, our bill came out to $49 and change, which I felt was a great value for a meal that included three drinks apiece, pizza, and dessert.  Oh, and the pizza?  We're both still talking about and craving it.  I'm looking forward to my next visit!I love Kitchen 56.  Love.

A friend suggested this place for happy hour one afternoon, and I'm so glad she did.  I'd heard of the place but knew nothing about it, so before we met, I looked at their website and made a mental list of the things I wanted to try.  None disappointed!

First of all, the place is adorable.  It wasn't at all what I expected, but I loved what it ended up being.  From the outside, the place looked simple and welcoming.  Inside, it's open and casual, and decorated really nicely, from a large mural to fun wall decor.  Seating was available at the bar, tables, or booths by the windows.

Upon learning it was my first visit, the server assigned to my table was welcoming and enthusiastic and was quick to recommend drinks and menu items.  My first drink was one of their signature adult lemonades - the black cherry.  It was ridiculously delicious from first sip to the last few amarena cherries left in the bottom of the glass.  I could have easily enjoyed a few of these drinks, especially since they didn't taste like they had alcohol in them!  I had the pink panther next, and while I enjoyed it, it wasn't nearly as good as the first.  Since I was two drinks in, I decided a bit of food would be a good idea, so I tried the black bean dip with tortilla chips off the happy hour menu (it seems to have rotated off the menu, sadly!).  It was SO GOOD and I was disappointed when we finished it.  For dinner, I went with the griddled corn cakes topped with pulled pork.  This was the best thing I'd eaten in a long time!  It was served with two sauces, both of which perfectly complemented the flavors of the corn and pork.  Definitely my favorite.

There's nothing I didn't like about this place, except maybe that it wasn't closer to my home.  I look forward to visiting again and again!After a long day and a longer week, I agreed to fetch the BFF from the airport in exchange for dinner.  We initially decided on Maizie's, but when the entire lot at the Landmark was full, we circled around to the adjacent complex and decided to try Hula's instead.  The patio was full, but we were immediately seated inside.  Our waitress Victoria was quite charming and gave us plenty of time to look over the menu while we chatted.  After a few minutes, he decided on a beer and I asked for a passion fruit iced tea and the Zombie - a delightful combination of rum and fruit juices.

After we ordered, we sat back and enjoyed the ambiance.  The indoor seating area was empty, but a group of four was seated beside us.  I wasn't sure about the close seating with connected tabletops, but it really wasn't so bad, even when a group of four was seated right beside us.  I excused myself to use the restroom and was happy to see it was clean and non-smelly.

A short while later, our meals arrived.  We both ordered burgers - his was beef and had mushrooms and mine was Ahi, and of course, we both ordered the sweet potato fries.  Unfortunately, they were undercooked!  We let our waitress know, and she took our plated after apologizing.  She returned minutes later with our burgers and a promise of a fresh basket of fries for us to share.  The fresh batch of fries was much better - hot, crispy on the outside, and perfectly cooked on the inside.  I think Mazie's are better, but these were definitely good.  Our burgers were each served on really nice, thick buns with sesame seeds.  I can't speak for my friend's meal, but my burger was wonderful!  I asked for no slaw and the sun-dried tomato pesto aioli on the side.  The aioli had a really nice flavor and tasted great on the burger.  The ground tuna seemed to have been combined with diced serranos which gave it a really, really nice flavor and a bit of heat.

Despite being stuffed, we each finished our meals and sat talking for a long while after.  Our waitress was super-attentive and kept the iced tea and water refills coming steadily.  Nice surprise: after the bill was paid, she brought us an order of shrimp rolls.  She said it was an incorrect order but wanted us to have them since we were so great.  I'm not a fan of shrimp, but the rolls looked and smelled delicious.  I tried some (sans shrimp) and loved the flavor of the toasted coconut flakes and the really great pineapple dipping sauce.

I am very much looking forward to returning to Hula's again and again.  Lunch service will begin on November 1, which seems too far away.  Great service, great food, great ambiance - love it!I first went to a Pita Jungle over three years ago and wasn't impressed.  Earlier this week, a friend and I met at the Downtown Phoenix location for my belated birthday dinner.  Wow, has my opinion changed!

Service was great.  The ambiance was really comfortable.  The food was delicious.

What I appreciate most was our server's honesty.  I went in knowing I wanted baklava.  When I asked him if it was good, he said no.  I asked if he just didn't like baklava or if it was truly not good.  He said it was truly not good and recommended the carrot cake instead.  It may sound inconsequential to be so impressed about someone's opinion on dessert selection, but I thought it was really cool.  and the carrot cake?  TO. DIE. FOR.  Thank you, Anthony!

I went back yesterday with my cousin for lunch.  We arrived close to 12:30, at the height of the lunch rush.  We went in, gave our names, and waited just a few minutes for a table.  Again, service was great, even when we asked for extra pita, refills, or took forever to make up our minds.  This place  has quickly risen to the top of my favorites list!Crazy Jim's is one of those old-standby places.  The service is typically always stellar and the foods you enjoy are always of the same quality.  I don't go too often, but when I do, I'm always happy I did.

I've only had a couple things on the menu: the teropita appetizer, the steak pita, the jalape単o burger, and the pepperoni pizza.  You can't go wrong with the teropita.  The soft, chewy dough is filled with a delicious egg and cheese mixture and is to die for.  I highly recommended you start you meal with this.  The steak pita is wonderful and what I always order - tender beef, grilled peppers, mozzarella, and grilled onions (which I always omit) on a wonderfully soft and delicious pita.  With it, I order a side of fried.  Do yourself a favor and order the fries extra crispy.  You won't be sorry!  The jalape単o burger is actually really great.  I don't know where they get their jalape単os, but they are always wonderfully spicy, sometimes EXTREMELY spicy, and always super fresh.  My only disappointing meal here has been the pizza.  I ordered it on a whim one day and was VERY disappointed.  I'm guessing it was an off day, as I've heard others rave about the pizza.  It didn't help that I found a hair on my first slice.  The waitress was very apologetic.  Not only did she comp my meal and offer to have something else made (I'd lost my appetite by then) but she also offered to give me a free meal on a future visit.  I declined the free meal, as I didn't feel it was necessary and knew I'd  be back again, but that went a long way.

This place is pretty small and gets busy during lunch and dinner time, so plan to go early or late.  Enjoy!On my way to lunch in the same plaza, I spotted Luci's - a place I'd been hearing about lately.  I decided I would stop in after lunch, and did just that.

What a cute place!  I love the decor and love that there seem to be lots of treasures to be found in the market area.  Since I didn't do more than take a cursory glance as I walked in, this review will be for the coffeeshop/bakery only.

First... the good.

1. The two women behind the counter were both very friendly and helpful, which counts for a lot at any place I visit.

2. The display case of baked good was stocked with lots of really beautiful pastries.  I found myself wanting a small bite of everything!

3. Even though it wasn't on the menu, I was able to order a cafe au lait - my current obsession.

4. Seating was plentiful and comfortable.

And the not-so-good...

1. The strawberry cupcake, while beautiful and dusted with really pretty edible shimmer of some sort, was dry, crumbly, and not very good.  The icing tasted great but left a very strange film in my mouth - sort of waxy, oily, greasy consistency.

2. I've been advised that it is not out of the norm for a coffeeshop to hand you your cup of heated milk/foam/etc. for you to fill on your own with coffee from carafes (not so with espresso-based drinks), but I'm really bothered by this practice for some reason.  Luci's is the second place in Phoenix I've visited who does this.  Maybe I'm just being fussy about it, but I think if I'm going to pay $4 for some steamed milk and coffee, the least you can do is top it off with coffee for me.

3. When I'm paying $4 to pour my own coffee, I expect the last 1/4 of the cup will not be filled with coffee grounds.  This happened to me today (not until I got back to the office, of course) and I was very displeased about it.

Luci's is a nice little place, the employees are very friendly, and the coffee (sans grounds) was actually pretty good.  I can see it being a nice place to read, people-watch, or even do some work, so it does have a lot going for it.  I'm not sure I'll ever go out of my way to visit, but if I'm in the area and it comes down to choosing Luci's over Starbucks (which is just across the street), Luci's will win any day.I've lived in Phoenix since 1998 and have heard wonderful things about Carolina's since then, and until today, I had never been.

My fiance and I stopped in today for a late lunch (around 2:30pm) and are so happy we did.  The place wasn't packed but it was busier than we expected.  We checked out the menu, made our selections, and ordered; he got the beef enchiladas and I got the flautas with beans & rice, plus a tortilla since they have such a reputation.

We only had to wait a few minutes before our food was ready.  IT didn't disappoint!  The flautas were crispy, the shredded beef was flavorful, and the sour cream and shredded cheddar cheese were just right.  The rice was really good, but I think I'll skip the beans next time.  My fiance's beef enchiladas were good and he finished them all.

The best part, though, was the tortilla.  Amazing.  Before we left, I picked up a dozen to enjoy later. Oh yeah, baby.I've spending a lot of time with a friend who is a pretty serious coffee drinker.  A couple nights ago, we stopped in at Hava Java for a caffeinated beverage before enjoying some gelato next door.  Being the afternoon of July 4th, the place was empty, save for the barista and a guy who was in there chatting her up.  I ordered a cafe au lait, he an iced coffee of some sort.  After asking me if I preferred skim milk or 2%, the barista handed me my cup of milk and foam and told me the coffee was self-serve and pointed me in the direction of the three coffee dispensers on the other side of the bar.  Really?  $3.75 for a cafe au lait and I have to pour the coffee myself?  I suppose that wouldn't have been entirely terrible if it had been any good.  It's amazing how much difference whole milk makes, but even beyond that, the coffee was weak and flavorless, and since it had to be pumped over the weak foam and milk, my drink tasted like little more than a drip coffee with milk.  Lame.  Sorry, Hava Java - a repeat customer I will not become.

P.S. - A $0.25 "service fee" is charged to all credit/debit transactions.  Again, lame.I don't think I have anything to share that hasn't already been posted in previous reviews.

The food here is stellar - quality ingredients, great flavor, and nothing cookie-cutter. The atmosphere is comfortable and inviting. Service is friendly, quick, and everything one should expect.

I absolutely love visiting this place and encourage you to do so, as well, if you haven't already. I am one of the lucky ones who has never had to wait more than 60 seconds for a table - I'm not sure how that's worked out, but it has, and I'm grateful. That said, I would gladly wait an hour to enjoy some great breakfast fare at Matt's. I'm looking forward to trying lunch one day, too!A friend and I decided to try this place after reading the wonderful Yelp reviews.  We were not disappointed!  There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said.  Our server was very pleasant, the place was clean, and service was quick.  We both thoroughly enjoyed our meals (he had the Plato Tipico, I had the bean & cheese pupusas with rice & beans) and look forward to returning for more.There's not much more to say than has already been said, so I'll be brief.  Barb's is such a great bakery.  Their cupcakes are eye candy and taste even better than they look.  If you're a fan of red velvet, please be sure to try one of theirs - they are wonderful!  When they haven't sold out, Barb's decorated sugar cookies are awesome.  The cookie itself isn't very sweet, but the icing more than makes up for that.  Enjoy!China Chili is one of those places you visit when you want something you know you'll like and need to get in and out really quickly.  I started working on Central and Indian School just around the time China Chili closed prior to the lightrail construction, so my first experience was at the new place.  I wish had gotten the opportunity to eat at the original location just to see if the experience was any better.

I have ordered two things at China Chili: the orange chicken and the sesame chicken.  I only order the former now.  I have never had to wait longer than five minutes for an order.  This is good yet slightly unnerving.  It makes me feel as though everything is ready-to-serve in the back, even though the freshness and temperature of the food says otherwise.  The orange chicken is out of this world.  An entire breast fillet is battered, deep-fried, sliced, and covered with a really delicious orange sauce.  If you ask for it extra spicy, be prepared to feel your face melt off.  The consistency of the heat level is a bit hit-or-miss, but when they get it right, you'll be simultaneously pleased and in pain.

My biggest beef with this place is the wait staff.  Very rarely is service pleasant.  Most of the waitresses are brusque and a bit too efficient for my liking.  When the dining room isn't full, they tend to huddle up near the kitchen and watch the patrons as they eat, usually talking quietly amongst themselves.  It is quite unsettling and makes me feel as though I'm not welcome.  The one exception is one of the very sweet older women who reminds me a bit of my grandma in that she always has a smile and is always so quick to ask if I need a refill.  I don't know her name, but I always hope she's there when I go.

So, visit China Chili when you're in a hurry and craving the best darn orange chicken you'll ever have.  Also, beware of really terrible parking options.Oh, how I used to love SunUp.  I was a fan when it was still Sonora Brewhouse, and I was a fan after the name change/change of ownership/whatever.  The waitstaff was always sort of iffy, but the patio was comfortable (when smokers weren't around), and the food was pretty consistent.  I was particularly in love with a new addition to the menu - the spicy pulled pork sandwich.

In search of a good place open on July 4th, I stopped in with a friend, already craving that delicious sandwich.  After waiting a couple minutes to be seated (and not even being acknowledged by anyone when we entered), we were led to a table by an older woman.  She took our drink orders and left us with menus to look over.  It took me a minute to realize they'd changed their menu.  Instead of one with appetizers, salads, sandwiches/burgers, entrees, and desserts, they instead now have a lunch and dinner menu.  And, sadly, the pulled pork sandwich had been discontinued.  I settled on the green chile chicken sandwich of some sort and an iced tea.  The waitress wasn't very friendly and seemed to be uninterested in being pleasant.  Our meals arrived but without the chipotle ketchup we requested.  A few minutes later, the waitress brought it to our table.  There was nothing impressive about my sandwich.  It was fairly blah and unseasoned, and the sweet potato fries were crispy on the outside but tough and hard on the inside.  Shame I paid $1 to upgrade from regular fries.

Once it came time to pay, the waitress took an exceptionally long time to return our cards and receipts to us.  My companion saw she was just standing around in the back not doing anything.  The place was pretty empty, so I don't really know why service was so bad.  I do know that the new menu leaves a lot to be desired, and unfortunately, I'll be hard-pressed to return in the future.My first experience with Five Guys was in DC and at the time, I wished for a location to open in Phoenix.  Wish granted!  My Mom and I visited the new place this week and I was not surprised to see it as busy as it was.  I had the burger with cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles, jalape単os, and bell peppers with cajun fries and Mom had the hot dog with bacon and onion with regular fries.  We could have easily shared one small order of fries and I didn't make it through half of my burger, but what I did eat was perfection.  I was also thrilled to enjoy Cherry Coke!

If you're looking for a quiet spot to eat  your meal, avoid this place.  It's loud and hectic, but that's part of its charm, I think.  The people at the counter were really friendly and smiling, which was good to see.  Bonus?  A clean restroom!

I'm looking forward to returning to try the hot dog!Siu Wok has been a favorite for quite some time.  Sadly, today's experience knocked them off the list.

My co-workers and I decided we needed a tasty meal today so we placed a delivery order through Siu Wok.  We were happy when the meal arrived much sooner than the 45-minute delivery estimate.  Our food was hot and smelled delicious.  We were all enjoying our food when one co-worker made a stomach-turning discovery: a dead fly in her food.  We all immediately stopped eating, repulsed by the large fly nestled up to a sliced carrot.

I immediately called Siu Wok to complain and spoke with Jennifer.  I told her what happened and asked for a refund on the entire order.  She said she could refund the contaminated meal but would have to speak with the manager for authorization on the other two.  She called back a few minutes later and said she was only given permission to refund the $7.95 for the extra-protein meal.  She seemed to understand why I was disappointed but said her hands were tied.  I asked her to relay to management that I was very disappointed in his lack of attention to the matter and that Siu Wok had just lost a considerable amount of business, as our office frequently places orders there.

Instead of Siu Wok being out $23.44, they have lost an office full of customers and gained a negative Yelp review.  Doesn't the fly look delicious??This place is awesome.  Nestled between a convenience store and an adult book store on Indian School and 31st Ave., you'll miss it if you don't know to look for it.  I was introduced to Angie's & Jimmie's by a co-worker, and I am so grateful!  This place is a dive, but the food is awesome, the waitstaff are friendly, and you get a ton of food for a tiny price!  I ordered the hot turkey and cheese sub.  I wish I had known to order the half sub, because the whole sub was ENORMOUS.  I was hard-pressed to finish half, and the other made for a very filling dinner later that night.  The fresh cut fries are wonderfully seasoned, and one serving is more than enough for two people to split.  My co-worker ordered the small order of wings (12) , expecting your run-of-the mill bite-sized wings, but what she got was a heaping plate of HUGE wings.  She was able to get through four of them.  As if that weren't enough, this place offers a monster-sized 28" pizza!  The same co-worker and I are heading back there today, and I'm looking forward to enjoying some pizza.  And fries, of course!I was first introduced to Giuseppe's a few years ago by a co-worker. I was sort of skeptical given the strip mall location and paper-covered tables, but I should not have worried.

Giuseppe's is tiny; there are a few tables outside and maybe only three times as many inside.  You order and pay at the counter and sit wherever you'd like.  The menu is written on chalkboards above and beside the counter and is pretty extensive.  From bruschetta to salads, sandwiches to pasta, the place has everything.  Alcohol is not served, but Giuseppe's is BYOB. I have never not seen the dark-haired lady at the counter.  I'm not sure if she's the owner, but she is very friendly and warm.

I have enjoyed on multiple occasions their gnocchi with Cardinale sauce (a mixture of red and alfredo) and today, for the first time, the meatball sandwich.  Both are wonderful and the sandwich is very filling!  If you ask, you can even get a basket of crusty bread and butter before your meal (free at lunch, $3 at dinner).

Prior to today's visit, I hadn't been to Giuseppe's in at least two years. I definitely won't wait that long before my next visit!