I really wanted to give this place more stars but the service was atrocious. The host was very friendly and sat me at the bar as I needed to finish some work. After about three minutes of the bartender just standing there sighing I asked her for a menu. She handed it too me...a few minutes later asked the guests to the left and right of me what they would like and completely ignored me. The gentleman to my left said "I believe this lady would like to order too as you've been ignoring her." She then proceeded to tell us that she just got off break so that's why she wasn't paying attention because she assumed I was already helped. She was very rude. I ordered the prosciutto & fig pizza...it was DELICIOUS! I will definitely be back to a Humble Pie, but never this one.This place is amazing. I love all of the lavash wraps and salads. The service is always great! It is even great to get their food to-go.Very yummy sandwiches, lots of smiles from the employees!The Lunch Lounge is absolutely delicious and fresh! Everyone is always there with a smile on their faces serving up yummy sandwiches, wraps, and salads. I haven't had one thing on the menu that I have not enjoyed. It is the perfect mom n pop shop of a deli!Great food! We stopped in for lunch and had the tater tot appetizer that is deep fried tots with cheese and a jalapeño dipping sauce. I had The Vig Dip which was a French dip on a pretzel bun, very delicious! I would suggest the French fries as your side. My co-worker had The Hot Chick which was a chicken sandwich and she loved it as well. They also had free valet!

Had to update because the service is getting worse. We constantly have to ask out server over and over again for items...that is if we can't find her. This has happened on multiple occasions. Not sure if they are just under staffed.This place is delicious! I love the fact that you can order in or just grab a quick salad to go. The service is great and the atmosphere is adorable. Also their food presentation is perfect!I loved this bar until today. Ordered a vodka red bull at the inside bar and asked if I could keep the rest of the can. The bartender told me no and that if I wanted it there would be an up charge. My drink was already $11. She then poured the rest of the red bull into two shot glasses for myself and a stranger because he "asked for the rest of MY can" and she "was not suppose to give he rest of the can out without charging anymore."

I closed my tab and went to the outside bar and asked the staff there if I ordered a vodka red bull if I could keep the rest of the can and they said absolutely. Then I clarified if I would be charged more for the rest of the can and they said no.

Are they trying to keep their red bull cost down? I've never been somewhere that they would not give me the rest of the can that I just paid them to open.The Lunch Lounge is absolutely delicious and fresh! Fred the owner is always there with a smile on his face serving up yummy sandwiches, wraps, and salads. I haven't had one thing on the menu that I have not enjoyed. It is the perfect mom n pop shop of a deli!LOVE RAISING CANES!!! So delicious and your order is made fresh so it takes just a tiny bit but definitely worth the wait. You can also sub out the coleslaw for another piece of toast or more sauce! Also join their "Caniac Club" for free food!We went here for dinner and it was perfect. A little dark but the waiters have small flash lights which was cute and helpful. I started with a glass of the Jolie Gamay, my coworker had an amazing lemon drop. The presentation on everything from the drinks to the food was perfect. We had the stuffed mushrooms as an appetizer which was suggested by our server. For my entrée I had the lamb chops with mashed potatoes and vegetables and it was topped with a pomegranate sauce. We finished with individual shot desserts, I had the carrot cake; yum! We will be back!Awesome food, great staff! Their lobster bisque is definitely a pleasant surprise and I have yet to order something off the menu that I haven't enjoyed. They have a wide variety of beers on tap that rotate on occasion. They are right off the light rail and located next to the baseball field which make its the perfect stop before and after a game! Stop in for a Paint Nite event a couple times a month to for a great change of pace!The food was great but when they ask how spicy you want it spicy can mean almost uneatable. The service was alright, we had to ask for more water multiple times. The portion side was good. We will be back again to give it another try.We were greeted by a very bubbly gentleman Aaron  who gave us the details to check out the menu and order at the counter. Our server Melissa was awesome, prompt, and friendly. I ordered the bison burger and shared the truffle fries with my friend, both were great. She had the chicken sandwich - she loved it as well! Of course we needed desert and had the Oreo shake...YUM!

They have a burger & draft beer special for $10!!!!Awesome concept! Friendly staff, delicious pizza. Wish the girl putting toppings on would switch her gloves every pizza tho.Cute atmosphere! I had the ombré drink which was a jalapeño vodka and pineapple juice which was amazing! The lobster puffs and chicken sticks appetizers were delicious. I order the pork verde, it was okay, nothing special, I would not order it again and a side of mac and cheese with bacon that was SO GOOD! Our waitress was extremely sweet but it took forever to get anything, even to order food she would be gone for a long time. She brought out their cookie dough dessert for my uncles birthday which was so nice! I wouldn't suggest that, I want to go back and try the cobbler.Great service, delicious food and drinks! The jalapeño mango margarita is amazing!! I have yet to find something on the menu that I did not enjoy. Definitely try the corn, YUM!Very cute spot in downtown Phoenix. The host could have been friendlier but our server Stephanie was wonderful. I ordered the chicken parmesan, it would good however I still think North Italia's is better. My friend had the penne a la vodka which was "freakin delicious!" Definitely stop here if you're in the area.THE ZUCCA CHIPS. Oh my gosh I'm obsessed. The service was great & I've never had anything bad here! The cheese & meat plate, delicious. The kale salad add salmon, perfect. The prosciutto & fig pizza, gimme!The atmosphere was cool. Services was great. Food was delicious but definitely overpriced. The wine list was ridiculously over priced so we went with beer that was somewhat reasonable.Everything was amazing. We got the bruschetta: you get to pick for different kinds and a panini to share. We got the iron and it is giant and delicious. More than enough food for the two of us. The wine is great. We went for happy hour $5 a glass so we just got a bottle for $20 - I'll be back!The host was very prompt and pleasant. We asked to sit at a high top in the bar and she quickly got us waters. Our server stopped by and explained the wood fire grill. I ordered the steak firebread - she asked how I wanted it cooked - I said Med-rare. It came out medium but was still delicious. I love that they make their bread in house! My friend ordered the green chili mac with chicken, it was amazing. It always bothers me when servers don't do two minute check backs after they drop off our food to see if we need anything. I was out of water and luckily the hostess walked by to take care of us. Also our food took way too long especially for lunch. We will be back for the food and give them an opportunity to step up their service.Love love love this place! It's a but on the speedy side but with every right as the seafood is incredibly fresh. I wish I remembered our servers name. She had long brown hair and bangs - she was great and very delightful! She even put a candle in my ice cream for my birthday.Ordered food to-go. The staff was very friendly. The food was delicious. The only problem was I ordered lettuce wraps and when I got back there was no lettuceI love this place! We tend to stop here after work for happy hour and enjoy their delicious guac and chips along with some delicious cocktails. The service is wonderful and the atmosphere is very cool.Best carne asada tacos in Phoenix! I love that their tortillas are freshly cut and grilled. Everything is always delicious. However it is in a super sketchy part of town so you will get some unusual characters around.Typically Applebees. Friendly service however if you order bar drinks it usually takes a while. I love their lunch specials and the 2 for $20 or $25.The ahi tuna sandwich is my go-to meal! The patio is amazing, drinks are refreshing, and you can't go wrong with their post-it note special.Always a great spot. We have had Christ B as out server multiple times and he is great. Food is delicious and the manager is nice as well!HANDS DOWN the best Pho in Phoenix! Extremely affordable, the service is amazing. I crave this place and their spring rolls. The portions are huge and they have everything you need to customize your Pho yourself.Always delicious. Great staff! The only downside is you can't online order during lunch time and the line takes a while to get through.I am absolutely obsessed with Flower Child. It is the perfect option when you want some delicious healthy food! You can tell how much care goes into eat and every meal. My favorite is to get the grains plate and you can mix and match different options. I always lean towards the salmon, brussel sprouts, and sweet potatoes. I will also switch it up and get their amazing gluten-free mac & cheese! When I am on the go I will grab a flying avocado wrap but honestly you can't go wrong with anything!

Be sure to get a house squeeze lemonade too :] YUMAWESOME!!! Finally had a chance to go this past Wednesday. The service was wonderful, the live musician was even better. We played ski-ball and darts in the back room. Definitely my new favorite "upscale dive bar".Had a wonderful dinner after work. Cat our sever was very friendly and provided wonderful service. I ordered the hummus with chicken, it was delicious and the presentation was fantastic! My friends had the lettuce wraps and buffalo chicken sliders, they enjoyed them as well. We will definitely be back.Get the teriyaki mini meal! It has delicious cabbage, AMAZING macaroni salad, & sweet Hawaiian rice. There food is cooked to order so if you're in a hurry you can call aheadWhy have I never been here before?! This cute little spot is hidden off of 44th Street & Camelback. We walked around & into the courtyard where we were greeted with a warm smile from the host. We decided to sit out on their patio to enjoy Phoenix's lovely weather (the inside was just as charming). Our waitress Julie told us the specials and provides excellent service. I ordered the Cuban which was delicious and instead of fries I subbed a fresh fruit cup for $1 more. The cup had pears, apples, strawberries, & blueberries. My co-worker ordered the Pear & Berrie Salad, she loved it. We will be back!Great food and stuff! Hosted a Paint Nite event here. The service was wonderful and we decided to stay after for dinner, yum! I love there dry rub wings and delicious cocktails.This place is great however it can be difficult to find parking so give yourself plenty of time. I love all of their sandwiches and salads. Do not leave without a macaroon!!!I love this place! Delicious food, neat atmosphere, plus you can bring your puppy! I have not tried anything here that I didn't like. The only downside was that the bartender seemed like he has never been a bartender...didn't greet us right away, didn't seem concerned about empty beers, it was just odd.We love Sushi Brokers!!! We head here for lunch or after work drinks at least once a week. My favorite for lunch is the specialty bento box with the cowboy roll. Their green tea is delicious as well as the spicy edamame! Service is great and everyone is wonderful.